6 partner's persona: i m pursuing my law degree.	7 partner's persona: i went to college in chicago.	8 partner's persona: i am the youngest of 3.	9 partner's persona: i love reading mysteries in my free time.	10 partner's persona: i love playing tennis.
6 partner's persona: i am a woman.	7 partner's persona: i am married to my wonderful husband.	8 partner's persona: we have two dogs small dogs.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is radiolead.	10 partner's persona: i own my own small marketing consulting agency.
5 partner's persona: i like to play board games.	6 partner's persona: i race cars for a living.	7 partner's persona: i like to go fishing.	8 partner's persona: i have 4 daughters.
6 partner's persona: i have bad luck with relationships.	7 partner's persona: i am a hopeless romantic.	8 partner's persona: i daydream during work.	9 partner's persona: i slack off on my homework.	10 partner's persona: i have trouble getting motivated.
5 partner's persona: story i ve ever heard.	6 partner's persona: my parents are science deniers , but un religious.	7 partner's persona: i am wiccan , but haven t told them.	8 partner's persona: i don t believe any a.	9 partner's persona: i work at my community garden center , and volunteer at the animal shelter.
6 partner's persona: my car is black.	7 partner's persona: i am a recruiter.	8 partner's persona: i do not own any pets.	9 partner's persona: my favorite meal is brunch.
6 partner's persona: i want to write a book before i die.	7 partner's persona: i am excellent at playing pool.	8 partner's persona: i teach middle school art.	9 partner's persona: i still like unicorns even though i am an adult.	10 partner's persona: i would love to visit the pyramids.
6 partner's persona: i drive a red car.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy running.	8 partner's persona: my favorite musician is bruno mars.	9 partner's persona: i have 2 dogs.	10 partner's persona: i am an accountant.
5 partner's persona: my favorite artist is 2pac.	6 partner's persona: my favorite song is california love.	7 partner's persona: i drive a fast car.	8 partner's persona: i like to listen to rap music.
5 partner's persona: i have a boxer dog.	6 partner's persona: i like baths.	7 partner's persona: i like to exercise.	8 partner's persona: i like to listen to music.	9 partner's persona: my father lives in china.
6 partner's persona: i do not much like tv.	7 partner's persona: i like to stay fit.	8 partner's persona: i love animals.	9 partner's persona: i love to walk in the woods.
5 partner's persona: i have a friend group , but i don t like any of them.	6 partner's persona: my days are filled with cross country try outs and basketball practice.	7 partner's persona: i am a middle aged mother of two high school boys.	8 partner's persona: but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
5 partner's persona: i can play the violin.	6 partner's persona: i want to have two kids.	7 partner's persona: i love chocolate.	8 partner's persona: i am from georgia.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	7 partner's persona: my dad was a cop.	8 partner's persona: i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.	9 partner's persona: i am tall.
6 partner's persona: i have been married for five years.	7 partner's persona: i have a passion for politics.	8 partner's persona: i played football in college.	9 partner's persona: i work at a candy store.	10 partner's persona: i run two miles everyday.
5 partner's persona: i changed my hair color to blue.	6 partner's persona: i drive a blue car.	7 partner's persona: i own blue shoes.	8 partner's persona: i like the color blue.	9 partner's persona: i like to listen to elvis.
6 partner's persona: i am a kindergarten teacher.	7 partner's persona: i studied early childhood education in college.	8 partner's persona: i have a puppy named tiki.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is spicy tex mex.
6 partner's persona: i am working on a biology degree.	7 partner's persona: i am allergic to nuts.	8 partner's persona: i love book.	9 partner's persona: 1984 is my favorite book.
5 partner's persona: i got married to my highschool friend.	6 partner's persona: i had to call 911 when i had a terrible headache.	7 partner's persona: i never learned how to write.	8 partner's persona: i can only see 200 feet in front of me.
6 partner's persona: i wear contacts.	7 partner's persona: i hate carrots.	8 partner's persona: i am very athletic.	9 partner's persona: i have brown hair.
5 partner's persona: i work for a beer distributor.	6 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.	7 partner's persona: i have a toddler.	8 partner's persona: i am married.
5 partner's persona: i am a yoga instructor.	6 partner's persona: i have two chiuahuahs.	7 partner's persona: i collect seashells.	8 partner's persona: i have a son.	9 partner's persona: i love horses.
6 partner's persona: i am a nurse.	7 partner's persona: i was an army brat.	8 partner's persona: i married my high school sweetheart.	9 partner's persona: i surf often.	10 partner's persona: i am a great baker.
6 partner's persona: i have taken formal music lessons since i was 5.	7 partner's persona: i wish i could spend more time at home.	8 partner's persona: i am a musician.	9 partner's persona: i like to write my own songs.	10 partner's persona: my best friend is in a band with me.
6 partner's persona: i like to play volleyball.	7 partner's persona: i like to come up with new hairstyles.	8 partner's persona: i like to pickle eggs.	9 partner's persona: i like to go on long hikes.	10 partner's persona: i like to do my nails.
5 partner's persona: i grew up with 6 siblings.	6 partner's persona: i ve broken my arm twice.	7 partner's persona: my parents were divorced.	8 partner's persona: i am a widow.	9 partner's persona: i am a very social person.
5 partner's persona: i like to read.	6 partner's persona: my girlfriend just broke up with me.	7 partner's persona: i work at a school as an art teacher.	8 partner's persona: i can t stand pizza.	9 partner's persona: i don t own a television.
6 partner's persona: my hair is long and brown.	7 partner's persona: i have a little girl.	8 partner's persona: i wait tables.	9 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.
5 partner's persona: i love iced tea.	6 partner's persona: i m terrified of heights.	7 partner's persona: i believe that mermaids are real.	8 partner's persona: i have four sisters.	9 partner's persona: my mom is my best friend.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.	7 partner's persona: i especially enjoy listening to the band the mutineers.	8 partner's persona: i am a happy person.	9 partner's persona: i sing many songs.
6 partner's persona: i m looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.	7 partner's persona: i love watching sitcoms on television.	8 partner's persona: sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.	9 partner's persona: i drive a honda that s seen better days.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	6 partner's persona: i do yoga on tuesdays.	7 partner's persona: i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.	8 partner's persona: i work five days a week.
5 partner's persona: i sometimes write poetry.	6 partner's persona: i like to skate.	7 partner's persona: i sing in a punk band.	8 partner's persona: i want to visit the uk.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is black.
6 partner's persona: i have two dogs who are like my babies.	7 partner's persona: one child has autism.	8 partner's persona: i work as a teacher and love my job.	9 partner's persona: i am a mother.
6 partner's persona: i am married.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy going to museums.	8 partner's persona: i have ten nieces and nephews.	9 partner's persona: i live in new york city.	10 partner's persona: i am a writer.
6 partner's persona: i ve been in a relationship for 2 years.	7 partner's persona: i work at a daycare.	8 partner's persona: my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.	9 partner's persona: i am a college student.	10 partner's persona: my major is in business administration.
6 partner's persona: i own 3 cats.	7 partner's persona: i love candy.	8 partner's persona: i drive a honda car.	9 partner's persona: i am a very funny woman.	10 partner's persona: i deliver packages for a living.
5 partner's persona: i smoke a pipe.	6 partner's persona: i won the spelling bee in third grade.	7 partner's persona: i love to eat eggplant.	8 partner's persona: i have been married five times.	9 partner's persona: i own a bar in downtown chicago.
5 partner's persona: i work at a hospital.	6 partner's persona: i like toyota cars.	7 partner's persona: i like to vote.	8 partner's persona: i do not like working long hours.
5 partner's persona: i have four siblings.	6 partner's persona: i drive a blue honda civic.	7 partner's persona: i got hired last week at mcdonald.	8 partner's persona: i am scared of left turns.
5 partner's persona: i wear a lot of purple.	6 partner's persona: i play dungeons and dragons.	7 partner's persona: i want to be a doctor.	8 partner's persona: i love the band van halen.	9 partner's persona: i like going to canada.
6 partner's persona: i am married with 5 kids.	7 partner's persona: i like to visit national parks.	8 partner's persona: i am nurse.	9 partner's persona: i play the violin.
6 partner's persona: i tutor kids in my spare time.	7 partner's persona: i have a personal trainer.	8 partner's persona: i love to ride bikes.	9 partner's persona: i have 3 small dogs.	10 partner's persona: i used to be very religious.
5 partner's persona: my wife makes the best pasta.	6 partner's persona: i listen to pink when i am painting.	7 partner's persona: as long as i have a cup of coffee in my hand i am a happy person.	8 partner's persona: it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	7 partner's persona: i escaped and later became a carpenter.	8 partner's persona: i was a slave for 10 years.	9 partner's persona: i was the first born child.	10 partner's persona: i got married 10 years later.
5 partner's persona: i have a shopping addiction.	6 partner's persona: i do not like when people get too close to me.	7 partner's persona: i do not like being asked a lot of questions.	8 partner's persona: i love the forest.
6 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	7 partner's persona: i like skateboarding.	8 partner's persona: i am a female.	9 partner's persona: i am in high school.	10 partner's persona: i have blonde hair.
6 partner's persona: my best friend lives in a big city.	7 partner's persona: i go visit them sometimes.	8 partner's persona: my mother is a social worker for the school system.	9 partner's persona: she likes to grow plants in her garden.	10 partner's persona: i work at a grocery store.
5 partner's persona: i work for a large law firm.	6 partner's persona: i listen to classical music.	7 partner's persona: i am married with three kids.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy golfing.
5 partner's persona: i am a lawyer.	6 partner's persona: my favorite food is steak.	7 partner's persona: my wife just left me.	8 partner's persona: i love to run.	9 partner's persona: my favorite city is new york.
6 partner's persona: i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.	7 partner's persona: my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970 s.	8 partner's persona: i ve never been to the west coast of the united states.	9 partner's persona: my uncle use to work on fish boats in florida.
5 partner's persona: i m single.	6 partner's persona: i prefer iphone over samsung.	7 partner's persona: i love watching superheroes shows.	8 partner's persona: i read ebooks more than hardcopies.
6 partner's persona: i have a crush on my co worker.	7 partner's persona: i need to use an inhaler sometimes.	8 partner's persona: i play tabletop games with friends.	9 partner's persona: i still live at home.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is creed.	6 partner's persona: i am a carnivore.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy running.	8 partner's persona: my father is in prison.
6 partner's persona: i have freckles.	7 partner's persona: i like to bake brownies.	8 partner's persona: my best friend is from tanzania.	9 partner's persona: i love wearing flip flops.	10 partner's persona: i love laughing.
5 partner's persona: i owe two laptops.	6 partner's persona: my grandparents are dead.	7 partner's persona: i ve a flower garden.	8 partner's persona: i love watching anime.
6 partner's persona: i like meat too much.	7 partner's persona: its good to eat a lot of veggies.	8 partner's persona: i want to be a vegetarian.	9 partner's persona: i m lazy and pork tastes good.	10 partner's persona: i do the shopping in my house.
5 partner's persona: i work in the office , 9 till 5.	6 partner's persona: i like italian cusine.	7 partner's persona: i live in a big city.	8 partner's persona: this summer i went on vacation to italy.
6 partner's persona: i am still living at home at age 30.	7 partner's persona: i am colorblind.	8 partner's persona: i am a volunteer firefighter.	9 partner's persona: i have a college degree in marketing.	10 partner's persona: i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.
5 partner's persona: i have a black belt in karate.	6 partner's persona: i vacation along lake michigan every summer.	7 partner's persona: i love to eat shrimp and lobster.	8 partner's persona: my favorite drink is iced coffee.	9 partner's persona: i am in a jazz band and play the saxophone.
6 partner's persona: i live alone.	7 partner's persona: i like to play video games.	8 partner's persona: i play guitar on my free time.	9 partner's persona: i am an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.
6 partner's persona: my hair is very long.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy video games.	8 partner's persona: i have a boyfriend who lives in italy.	9 partner's persona: my mom lives with me.
6 partner's persona: my mother was a weightlifter.	7 partner's persona: i love money.	8 partner's persona: my feet smell.	9 partner's persona: i have blonde hair.	10 partner's persona: i have brown eyes.
6 partner's persona: i am a ballet dancer.	7 partner's persona: i work many hours rehearsing for my show.	8 partner's persona: i like movies based on comedies.	9 partner's persona: my parents passed away in a car accident.	10 partner's persona: my favorite food is hamburgers.
6 partner's persona: i have been acting since i was ten years old.	7 partner's persona: i made my first movie when i was 18.	8 partner's persona: now i am a fixture on a weekly telenovela.	9 partner's persona: i starred in television commercials when i was young.	10 partner's persona: i am an actor.
5 partner's persona: i like movies based on comedies.	6 partner's persona: i work many hours rehearsing for my show.	7 partner's persona: i am a ballet dancer.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is hamburgers.	9 partner's persona: my parents passed away in a car accident.
5 partner's persona: i went to a community college and got a degree in communication.	6 partner's persona: i am an orphan who was in the foster care system.	7 partner's persona: whittling is my favorite hobby.	8 partner's persona: i am in the navy.	9 partner's persona: i listen to folk music.
6 partner's persona: my mother is a teacher in the city.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is cheeseburgers.	8 partner's persona: i play the bass guitar.	9 partner's persona: i like to go out fishing.	10 partner's persona: i work out daily.
5 partner's persona: i love to cook.	6 partner's persona: my parents recently moved to florida.	7 partner's persona: i breed maine coon cats and show them.	8 partner's persona: my brother is currently couch surfing at my house.
5 partner's persona: i am a grandparent at 44.	6 partner's persona: i love dragons.	7 partner's persona: i drive more than an hour each way to work.	8 partner's persona: i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.	9 partner's persona: i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.
5 partner's persona: i love talking on the phone.	6 partner's persona: i am fluent in spanish.	7 partner's persona: i have a gambling problem.	8 partner's persona: i always eat my vegetables.
5 partner's persona: i live in seattle.	6 partner's persona: my favorite seafood in lobster.	7 partner's persona: i am a software engineer.	8 partner's persona: i started at google on an internship.
6 partner's persona: i am a writer.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy going to museums.	8 partner's persona: i have ten nieces and nephews.	9 partner's persona: i am married.
6 partner's persona: i am close to both of my brothers.	7 partner's persona: i like to read true crime novels.	8 partner's persona: i have two dogs.	9 partner's persona: i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.	10 partner's persona: i travel every year to disney world.
5 partner's persona: i hate winter and the cold.	6 partner's persona: i once swam with manta rays.	7 partner's persona: i would like to work for the smithsonian.	8 partner's persona: my favorite show is csi.
6 partner's persona: i am an accountant.	7 partner's persona: my favorite musician is bruno mars.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy running.	9 partner's persona: i have 2 dogs.	10 partner's persona: i drive a red car.
6 partner's persona: i am currently looking for a job in baltimore.	7 partner's persona: my favorite rapper is yo gotti.	8 partner's persona: i take pride in getting straight as.	9 partner's persona: god has always been put first in my life.	10 partner's persona: i am addicted to the hit show empire.
5 partner's persona: i was born in kansas.	6 partner's persona: i love chickens.	7 partner's persona: i work on a farm.	8 partner's persona: i know how to drive a truck.
6 partner's persona: my right foot only has 3 toes.	7 partner's persona: i eat 6 eggs every morning for breakfast.	8 partner's persona: i am a zookeeper.	9 partner's persona: i love to read crime novels.	10 partner's persona: my favorite animal is the panda.
5 partner's persona: i play piano.	6 partner's persona: my father is dead.	7 partner's persona: my boyfriend is in the army.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.
5 partner's persona: running is my way to relax.	6 partner's persona: i am a veterinarian.	7 partner's persona: i have two nephews.	8 partner's persona: my brother is in the army.
6 partner's persona: i am married.	7 partner's persona: my car is blue.	8 partner's persona: i have an mba degree.	9 partner's persona: i live in colorado.
6 partner's persona: i am a shy person but i love to sing.	7 partner's persona: until recently i have never been able to sing in front of anyone.	8 partner's persona: anyways i decided to give it a try and participated in an audition for a talent show.	9 partner's persona: i was accepted to participate.	10 partner's persona: my shyness made me panick and i did not show up.
6 partner's persona: my daily driver is a bicycle that you pedal with your hands.	7 partner's persona: my life s passion is designer french fries.	8 partner's persona: i am the leader of the french fry research department at del taco.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is u2.
6 partner's persona: my hair is brown.	7 partner's persona: i have one cat.	8 partner's persona: i am not thin.	9 partner's persona: i am short.	10 partner's persona: i like to sew.
5 partner's persona: i am a yoga instructor.	6 partner's persona: i have two adopted kids.	7 partner's persona: i love watching old movies.	8 partner's persona: i hope to visit quebec , canada someday.
6 partner's persona: i hate the feeling of chalk.	7 partner's persona: my favorite coffee is french vanilla.	8 partner's persona: i am a gymnast.	9 partner's persona: i have been dating my boyfriend for over 10 years.
6 partner's persona: i have a new job selling cars.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	8 partner's persona: i love to paint pictures.	9 partner's persona: i love meat.	10 partner's persona: my wife use to be a teacher.
6 partner's persona: i own two boxer dogs.	7 partner's persona: my favorite drink is red wine.	8 partner's persona: i have one child.	9 partner's persona: i work for a clothes retailer.
6 partner's persona: i am from california.	7 partner's persona: i like to shop at goodwill.	8 partner's persona: i am a student.	9 partner's persona: i think recycling is important.
6 partner's persona: i like to make cookies.	7 partner's persona: i like bagels with everything on them.	8 partner's persona: i like to train dogs.	9 partner's persona: i like to run.
5 partner's persona: people do not like me too much but i like them anyways.	6 partner's persona: i like to watch people pray together.	7 partner's persona: i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.	8 partner's persona: people hate that i obsess about the poor.
6 partner's persona: i like to garden.	7 partner's persona: i live in the suburbs of a major city.	8 partner's persona: i am a teacher.	9 partner's persona: i graduated college for secondary english education.
6 partner's persona: my grandchildren range in age from 30 to 7.	7 partner's persona: i am a senior citizen.	8 partner's persona: i have 4 children.	9 partner's persona: my husband was a career soldier.	10 partner's persona: i like to read.
6 partner's persona: i m in grad school.	7 partner's persona: i work in a coffee shop.	8 partner's persona: i love to read true crime books.	9 partner's persona: my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.
6 partner's persona: i dropped out of college a month ago.	7 partner's persona: i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.	8 partner's persona: i wear my heart on my sleeve.	9 partner's persona: some call me a hopeless romantic.
6 partner's persona: i am confined to my bed.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy playing computer games.	8 partner's persona: i spend a good deal of time on social media.	9 partner's persona: i love when my pets visit me in bed.	10 partner's persona: i am glad that i work from home.
5 partner's persona: i am starting a new juicing bar.	6 partner's persona: i love pandas.	7 partner's persona: i love to surf.	8 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.	9 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.
4 partner's persona: i have an older brother.	5 partner's persona: i live in the city.	6 partner's persona: i love my girlfriend.	7 partner's persona: i dyed my hair pink.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is pasta.	6 partner's persona: i love helping people.	7 partner's persona: i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.	8 partner's persona: i live in a rural area.
5 partner's persona: i have three dogs at home.	6 partner's persona: i have a bicycle.	7 partner's persona: i need to take my blood sugar everyday.	8 partner's persona: i hate to workout , but i need to.	9 partner's persona: i am very good at the drums.
5 partner's persona: last month the farm was foreclosed so i m looking for a new job.	6 partner's persona: i live in kansas.	7 partner's persona: i would like to move some place warmer.	8 partner's persona: i like watching reality television shows.	9 partner's persona: i m an out of work farmhand.
5 partner's persona: i ride a unicycle.	6 partner's persona: my favorite band is metallica.	7 partner's persona: i am a college student.	8 partner's persona: i work at the grocery store.
5 partner's persona: i am a 1st grade teacher.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is purple.	7 partner's persona: my father is a preacher.	8 partner's persona: i have a 3 year old.
5 partner's persona: my favorite car is the ford mustang.	6 partner's persona: i worked 3 jobs at the same time for more than 5 years.	7 partner's persona: i have a pit bull and a chihuahua.	8 partner's persona: i walk more than 2 miles a day.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy broadway shows.	7 partner's persona: i am a steelers fan.	8 partner's persona: i love to travel.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is the avett brother.
6 partner's persona: i have 2 dogs as pets.	7 partner's persona: i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.	8 partner's persona: i work as a veterinarian s assistant.	9 partner's persona: i love dogs.	10 partner's persona: my mother is allergic to dogs.
5 partner's persona: i work from home.	6 partner's persona: my favorite band is nightwish.	7 partner's persona: i love reading.	8 partner's persona: i love comics.	9 partner's persona: i have a cat as a pet.
5 partner's persona: my poppa has a train set that i play with.	6 partner's persona: i like books about trains.	7 partner's persona: i have a dog named percy.	8 partner's persona: my cat died.	9 partner's persona: i like thomas the tank engine.
5 partner's persona: my mom is a painter.	6 partner's persona: my best friend just moved away.	7 partner's persona: i start my senior year of high school next week.	8 partner's persona: my favorite sport is hockey.
5 partner's persona: we have two kids.	6 partner's persona: i graduated with a nursing degree.	7 partner's persona: helping people makes me happy.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is sushi.
5 partner's persona: my favorite tv show is game of thrones.	6 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is pop.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy home cooked meals.	8 partner's persona: i like long walks on the beach.
5 partner's persona: this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.	6 partner's persona: i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.	7 partner's persona: i am a short order cook at a local diner.	8 partner's persona: under a pen name , i write romance books.	9 partner's persona: i have a terrible singing voice.
6 partner's persona: i started working at google last week on self driving car research.	7 partner's persona: i love computers.	8 partner's persona: i i love logical and rational thinking.	9 partner's persona: i am considered a nerd by many.	10 partner's persona: i am very good at math and science.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy going to festivals.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is the story so far.	8 partner's persona: my friends don t call my by my real name.	9 partner's persona: i eat meat.	10 partner's persona: i recently started working online.
5 partner's persona: i have been on the design team for over 65 video games.	6 partner's persona: my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.	7 partner's persona: i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.	8 partner's persona: my son plays on the local football team.	9 partner's persona: i design video games for a living.
6 partner's persona: i have a cat named seven of nine.	7 partner's persona: i like to sing broadway show tunes.	8 partner's persona: my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.	9 partner's persona: i am a student at michigan state university.	10 partner's persona: i work at a coffee house.
5 partner's persona: i am incredibly smart.	6 partner's persona: i have no parents or siblings.	7 partner's persona: i only sleep 3 hours a day.	8 partner's persona: my favorite meal is steak.	9 partner's persona: i always travel alone.
6 partner's persona: i like nature.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	8 partner's persona: i love eating out.	9 partner's persona: i work full time.
6 partner's persona: i know how to play the guitar.	7 partner's persona: i hate fast food.	8 partner's persona: i like to race go carts.	9 partner's persona: i have a george foreman grill at home.	10 partner's persona: i am an avid fisherman.
6 partner's persona: i m looking for krav maga classes near my home.	7 partner's persona: i always wear something purple.	8 partner's persona: my favorite mortal kombat character is mileena.	9 partner's persona: i work in fast food.
6 partner's persona: i like to be outdoors.	7 partner's persona: i m from california.	8 partner's persona: i think recycling is important.	9 partner's persona: i m a student.
6 partner's persona: i can only see 200 feet in front of me.	7 partner's persona: i never learned how to write.	8 partner's persona: i had to call 911 when i had a terrible headache.	9 partner's persona: i use to own 6 cats.	10 partner's persona: i got married to my highschool friend.
6 partner's persona: i like to water ski.	7 partner's persona: i am tall.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	9 partner's persona: my dad was a cop.
6 partner's persona: i have 3 kids.	7 partner's persona: i graduated with a statistics degree.	8 partner's persona: i know how to count cards in blackjack.	9 partner's persona: i am currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is purple.	7 partner's persona: i do not have any children.	8 partner's persona: i listen to podcasts.	9 partner's persona: i do not have a car.	10 partner's persona: i live near a park.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy a good run.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy cooking but not baking.	8 partner's persona: i like things in organized.	9 partner's persona: i am a stay at home mom.	10 partner's persona: one of my favorite shows is face off on say.
6 partner's persona: i work for the navy.	7 partner's persona: i am blue and tall.	8 partner's persona: my favorite show is thevoice.	9 partner's persona: i like to read.	10 partner's persona: i like to swim.
5 partner's persona: i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.	6 partner's persona: i am from san fransico.	7 partner's persona: my beer gut is so huge i haven t seen my feet in two years.	8 partner's persona: i am always the one who buys the beers.	9 partner's persona: i like to smell my own farts.
5 partner's persona: i love the colors yellow and teal.	6 partner's persona: i want to learn how to fly an airplane.	7 partner's persona: i am a mortician.	8 partner's persona: my favorite movie is dirty harry.	9 partner's persona: i collect stamps.
5 partner's persona: i met my wife at a nickleback concert.	6 partner's persona: i m a pilot for southwest.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is fried chicken.	8 partner's persona: my son was born completely blind.
6 partner's persona: i am a writer.	7 partner's persona: i am gluten free.	8 partner's persona: i like rock climbing.	9 partner's persona: i have a dog.	10 partner's persona: my hair is black.
6 partner's persona: i have four cats.	7 partner's persona: i take the subway to work everyday.	8 partner's persona: i am afraid of clowns.	9 partner's persona: every fall i visit my sister in canada.	10 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.
5 partner's persona: i like photography.	6 partner's persona: i like to garden.	7 partner's persona: i am a chef.	8 partner's persona: i love traveling.
6 partner's persona: i live in the city.	7 partner's persona: my horse never talks back to me.	8 partner's persona: i m the lead singer for an indie band.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy budweiser beer.	10 partner's persona: i m still a student , but i m gonna be a nurse.
5 partner's persona: i like the color purple.	6 partner's persona: i still call my ex boyfriend on his birthday because birthdays are special.	7 partner's persona: my credit cards are maxed out.	8 partner's persona: i drive a fast sports car.	9 partner's persona: cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.
6 partner's persona: i would like to spend more time with my family.	7 partner's persona: i like spending time with friends playing sports and going to country concerts.	8 partner's persona: i graduated with a business degree , and marketing is all that i really enjoyed.	9 partner's persona: unfortunately , my family lives across the country from me.
6 partner's persona: i work at a coffee shop.	7 partner's persona: i drive a prius.	8 partner's persona: my mom was a hairdresser.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	10 partner's persona: i love to dance.
5 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.	6 partner's persona: my mom and dad are from japan.	7 partner's persona: i live in toronto , canada.	8 partner's persona: my favorite french fries are from mcdonalds.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy fishing.	7 partner's persona: i watch a lot of tv.	8 partner's persona: i work on cars for a living.	9 partner's persona: i live alone.
5 partner's persona: i am an only child.	6 partner's persona: my favorite song is barbie girl.	7 partner's persona: i like barbies.	8 partner's persona: my name is nancy.	9 partner's persona: i am a girl.
5 partner's persona: i recently made the college baseball team.	6 partner's persona: i am 19 years old.	7 partner's persona: i am a huge fan of baseball.	8 partner's persona: i am going to be the starting shortstop.	9 partner's persona: my favorite player is mike trout.
5 partner's persona: i love children.	6 partner's persona: i just moved into an apartment within the vicinity of my new job.	7 partner's persona: i am twenty two years old.	8 partner's persona: i just graduated college with my bachelors degree in education.	9 partner's persona: i just accepted a job at the elementary school in my hometown.
5 partner's persona: we have two sons.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy visiting museums.	7 partner's persona: i like to attend wine tours.	8 partner's persona: i like to paint.	9 partner's persona: my husband is 20 years older than me.
5 partner's persona: i do the shopping in my house.	6 partner's persona: i want to be a vegetarian.	7 partner's persona: i m lazy and pork tastes good.	8 partner's persona: i like meat too much.
5 partner's persona: i work with my wife.	6 partner's persona: my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.	7 partner's persona: i have trained over 20 types of animals.	8 partner's persona: i am a zookeeper.
5 partner's persona: i am ten years old.	6 partner's persona: i have a lot of friends.	7 partner's persona: i love dogs and cats.	8 partner's persona: my dad works at the mill and my mom is a teacher.	9 partner's persona: i live in a house.
6 partner's persona: i am a michigan state trooper.	7 partner's persona: i have two siberian huskies.	8 partner's persona: i have four daughters.	9 partner's persona: i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.	10 partner's persona: i play guitar.
5 partner's persona: i have appeared on the show jeopardy.	6 partner's persona: i am a recovering alcoholic.	7 partner's persona: i once lived in a storage locker for two months.	8 partner's persona: i like to refurbish classic cars.
5 partner's persona: i like to play soccer.	6 partner's persona: my favorite book is pride and prejudice.	7 partner's persona: my favorite subject in school is math.	8 partner's persona: i have a little sister.	9 partner's persona: i have a golden retriever.
5 partner's persona: i don t have a lot of friends.	6 partner's persona: i work at a museum.	7 partner's persona: i am stuck in a wheel chair.	8 partner's persona: i read a lot.	9 partner's persona: i like to go to the park.
5 partner's persona: i am single.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is grey.	7 partner's persona: i love to do yoga.	8 partner's persona: i work for a newspaper.	9 partner's persona: my passion is writing.
5 partner's persona: i am in the military.	6 partner's persona: i am 25 years old.	7 partner's persona: i have one son.	8 partner's persona: i was a wrestler in high school.
6 partner's persona: i am afraid of the dark.	7 partner's persona: i design video games for a living.	8 partner's persona: i hate broccoli.	9 partner's persona: my mom is my best friend.
6 partner's persona: i wait tables at a cafe.	7 partner's persona: i like to be alone.	8 partner's persona: my mother was a nurse.
4 partner's persona: i work on trucks.	5 partner's persona: i have a doberman.	6 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	7 partner's persona: i am twenty five years old.	8 partner's persona: i am a man.
5 partner's persona: i like tacos.	6 partner's persona: i am a secretary.	7 partner's persona: i have 3 cats.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy swimming.
5 partner's persona: i m looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.	6 partner's persona: i drive a honda that s seen better days.	7 partner's persona: sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.	8 partner's persona: i love watching sitcoms on television.	9 partner's persona: i listen to a fall out boy record every day.
6 partner's persona: i like the color blue.	7 partner's persona: i drive a blue car.	8 partner's persona: i changed my hair color to blue.	9 partner's persona: i own blue shoes.	10 partner's persona: i like to listen to elvis.
6 partner's persona: i m a drummer in an indie band.	7 partner's persona: one day i would really like to skydive.	8 partner's persona: i volunteer at the local humane society.	9 partner's persona: my twin brother and i share an apartment.
5 partner's persona: i am a average american youth.	6 partner's persona: i hate school.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy summer walking and reading.	8 partner's persona: i fell in love this summer.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy horseback riding.	6 partner's persona: i am a full time mom.	7 partner's persona: i am a mother to two beautiful boys.	8 partner's persona: my favorite singer is justin timberlike.
6 partner's persona: i work at a hotel.	7 partner's persona: i love reading.	8 partner's persona: i love animals.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is a fine frenzy.	10 partner's persona: i like chicken nuggets.
6 partner's persona: my favorite actor is robert deniro.	7 partner's persona: i like to surf every chance i get.	8 partner's persona: i m saving for college.	9 partner's persona: i love the snow.	10 partner's persona: i work graveyard in a hotel.
6 partner's persona: i am a deaf man.	7 partner's persona: i love to read books.	8 partner's persona: i never learned how to drive.	9 partner's persona: my favorite number is 7.
6 partner's persona: i am married.	7 partner's persona: i live in colorado.	8 partner's persona: i own my home.	9 partner's persona: my car is blue.
6 partner's persona: many people want to be my friend.	7 partner's persona: i have a nice smile.	8 partner's persona: i like makeup.	9 partner's persona: i am not a nice person.
6 partner's persona: my dad was a cop.	7 partner's persona: i like to water ski.	8 partner's persona: i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	10 partner's persona: i am tall.
6 partner's persona: i am a nurse.	7 partner's persona: i am a great baker.	8 partner's persona: i surf often.	9 partner's persona: i was an army brat.
5 partner's persona: i am a very tall woman.	6 partner's persona: i love to cook ethnic foods.	7 partner's persona: my family came from greece in the 1950 s.	8 partner's persona: i have very curly hair.	9 partner's persona: i love to draw.
6 partner's persona: i drive a silver lexus.	7 partner's persona: i am terrible at math.	8 partner's persona: dancing is my passion.	9 partner's persona: i have a dog named socks.
6 partner's persona: i never learned how to drive.	7 partner's persona: my favorite number is 7.	8 partner's persona: i love to read books.	9 partner's persona: i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.	10 partner's persona: i am a deaf man.
5 partner's persona: i prefer baseball over football.	6 partner's persona: i work for a government agency.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	8 partner's persona: my favorite team is the washington nationals.	9 partner's persona: i like sports.
6 partner's persona: summer is my favorite season.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy fishing.	8 partner's persona: i like classic radio programs.	9 partner's persona: i love decorating for christmas.	10 partner's persona: i love my impala.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy singing.	7 partner's persona: i live in a big city.	8 partner's persona: magic mike is my favorite movie.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy video games.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy my job , as a teacher.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is insane clown posse.	6 partner's persona: i am chubby.	7 partner's persona: i work as an interior designer.	8 partner's persona: i love to larp.
5 partner's persona: i am an only child.	6 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	8 partner's persona: i am a student.	9 partner's persona: i have a pet dog.
5 partner's persona: i like to read books that are in a series.	6 partner's persona: i like to chat with my friends.	7 partner's persona: i like to take drives in the country.	8 partner's persona: i love to go out to eat with my family.	9 partner's persona: i like to go to the movies.
6 partner's persona: i eat out more than three times a week.	7 partner's persona: i believe the rich should not be taxed as much.	8 partner's persona: i went to an elite ivy league school.	9 partner's persona: i look down on people who did not.	10 partner's persona: i work in finance.
6 partner's persona: i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.	7 partner's persona: i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.	8 partner's persona: i love to eat pita bread with hummus.	9 partner's persona: i am bipolar.	10 partner's persona: i am a mother of three.
5 partner's persona: i despise sweet potatoes.	6 partner's persona: i am a weightlifter.	7 partner's persona: i run marathons.	8 partner's persona: i have three great danes.	9 partner's persona: i love the all american rejects.
6 partner's persona: i like to watch make up tutorials in youtube.	7 partner's persona: through them i ve learned to make up myself and others.	8 partner's persona: recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.	9 partner's persona: i started taking beauty classes too.	10 partner's persona: i ve reached 50k subscribers !.
5 partner's persona: i hope to retire to florida.	6 partner's persona: i own my own music store.	7 partner's persona: i played in a band for 17 years.	8 partner's persona: i am an animal rights activist.
6 partner's persona: my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.	7 partner's persona: i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.	8 partner's persona: i am a factory worker.	9 partner's persona: i want to be in a band someday.	10 partner's persona: i have a wife and two kids.
5 partner's persona: i am an aspiring singer.	6 partner's persona: green is my favorite color.	7 partner's persona: my father worked for ge.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy playing tennis.
6 partner's persona: i live alone with my dog.	7 partner's persona: i have an iq of 250.	8 partner's persona: i wish i had money to travel.	9 partner's persona: my hobby creating houses out of matches.
5 partner's persona: my husband died last year.	6 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is gardening.	7 partner's persona: i am 77 years old.	8 partner's persona: black coffee is my addiction.
5 partner's persona: i am not afraid of what others think.	6 partner's persona: i can be quite forgetful.	7 partner's persona: i was raised by two mothers.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.	9 partner's persona: my boyfriend works for nasa.
6 partner's persona: i have 4 cats and 2 dogs.	7 partner's persona: my car has to be as fast as my motorcycle.	8 partner's persona: i own 30 pairs of shoes.	9 partner's persona: i love to skate and ski.	10 partner's persona: i love the smell of leather.
6 partner's persona: i live in california.	7 partner's persona: my newest car is a chevy.	8 partner's persona: i work at a power plant.	9 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is read.
6 partner's persona: i can play the piano.	7 partner's persona: i am a night owl.	8 partner's persona: i love to sing.	9 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.
6 partner's persona: i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.	7 partner's persona: i am colorblind.	8 partner's persona: i am still living at home at age 30.	9 partner's persona: i have a college degree in marketing.	10 partner's persona: i am a volunteer firefighter.
6 partner's persona: i get my nails done every saturday.	7 partner's persona: i secretly love watching wwe wrestling.	8 partner's persona: i daydream about cafes in paris.	9 partner's persona: my family owns a grocery store.
5 partner's persona: my favorite team is the raptors.	6 partner's persona: i am studying to be a dentist.	7 partner's persona: i like sports.	8 partner's persona: i usually go to bed late.
6 partner's persona: one of my favorite hobbies is gaming.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy running.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is green.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy visiting national parks.	10 partner's persona: i currently work in an office job.
6 partner's persona: i m a pilot for southwest.	7 partner's persona: i met my wife at a nickleback concert.	8 partner's persona: my son was born completely blind.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is fried chicken.
6 partner's persona: my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy john gresham movies , but not his books.	8 partner's persona: i do not like wearing pants when i do not have to.	9 partner's persona: i am a really , really good guitar player.	10 partner's persona: my girlfriend tells me she is going to leave me almost every day.
6 partner's persona: i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.	7 partner's persona: my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.	8 partner's persona: i have sandy brown hair and green eyes.	9 partner's persona: i can t get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.	10 partner's persona: i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
5 partner's persona: i like to dance with my friends.	6 partner's persona: i am six feet tall.	7 partner's persona: i have a family that are all tall.	8 partner's persona: i really like to go to school.	9 partner's persona: i love to be run.
5 partner's persona: i used to fly planes for a living.	6 partner's persona: i grew up in nevada.	7 partner's persona: i like dogs.	8 partner's persona: i am an orphan.
6 partner's persona: i love dogs.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy reading.	8 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a lily.	9 partner's persona: i am single.
5 partner's persona: i like the color blue.	6 partner's persona: i like to listen to elvis.	7 partner's persona: i drive a blue car.	8 partner's persona: i own blue shoes.
6 partner's persona: i want to be a famous photographer.	7 partner's persona: i like taking pictures.	8 partner's persona: i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.	9 partner's persona: i am a widow.
5 partner's persona: i have a daughter.	6 partner's persona: i am under 6 feet tall.	7 partner's persona: i am a great cook.	8 partner's persona: i sell paper products for a living.	9 partner's persona: i hate the taste of cheese.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy nature.	7 partner's persona: i am in a lot of debt.	8 partner's persona: i fantasize about living in another country.	9 partner's persona: i am failing some of my classes.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is pruple.	7 partner's persona: i have a pet lizard named gila.	8 partner's persona: i really love plants.	9 partner's persona: i am an only child.	10 partner's persona: i have brown eyes.
6 partner's persona: my mother died when i was a child.	7 partner's persona: i like to run.	8 partner's persona: my hair is long and blonde.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
6 partner's persona: my grandmother lives in my guesthouse.	7 partner's persona: i have been divorced for 2 years.	8 partner's persona: i love collecting teapots.	9 partner's persona: i am a cat person.	10 partner's persona: i work at the local bank.
5 partner's persona: my favorite store to shop at is costco.	6 partner's persona: my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.	7 partner's persona: in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.	8 partner's persona: my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.	9 partner's persona: i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.
5 partner's persona: my hair is short.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.	7 partner's persona: my boyfriend is in the army.	8 partner's persona: i play piano.
5 partner's persona: i love dogs.	6 partner's persona: my favorite band is korn.	7 partner's persona: i own a home.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is purple.	9 partner's persona: i like swimming.
6 partner's persona: i have long flowing hair.	7 partner's persona: i drive a ford truck.	8 partner's persona: i am nearly 6 tall.	9 partner's persona: my favorite outfit is thigh high leather boots and a skirt.
5 partner's persona: i am a yoga instructor.	6 partner's persona: i am very health conscious , and i watch what i eat.	7 partner's persona: i love romantic comedies.	8 partner's persona: i like to write poetry in my spare time.
5 partner's persona: i am a professional gamer.	6 partner's persona: i occasionally go for walks down by the park.	7 partner's persona: i love to play league of legends.	8 partner's persona: i love dogs.
6 partner's persona: mom in telecommunications.	7 partner's persona: i am a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.	8 partner's persona: both my parents are creative.	9 partner's persona: i dream of playing music for a living.	10 partner's persona: my dad works in the automotive industry.
6 partner's persona: my cat s name is leroy jenkins.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy playing retro video games on my 386.	8 partner's persona: my suspenders sometimes make my shoulders hurt.	9 partner's persona: i have ink stains on all my shirts.	10 partner's persona: i wish i had a real dragon i could train.
6 partner's persona: i once wrote a biography of my favorite actor.	7 partner's persona: i love to read.	8 partner's persona: i ve never been on a date.	9 partner's persona: i adopted all my dogs.
5 partner's persona: i have a crummy job at scrubway.	6 partner's persona: i live life to its fullest.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to country music.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy playing video games.	9 partner's persona: i am in college.
6 partner's persona: i play quarterback.	7 partner's persona: this is my second year in the league.	8 partner's persona: last season i was just getting started.	9 partner's persona: i play for the philadelphia eagles.	10 partner's persona: this season , i will become a playoff quarterback.
5 partner's persona: coffee is important to me.	6 partner's persona: i love winning.	7 partner's persona: i can tell right away if i m going to like someone.	8 partner's persona: i don t like feeling obligated to hang out with someone.
6 partner's persona: i have trouble getting along with family.	7 partner's persona: i like eating vegetables.	8 partner's persona: in allergic to peanuts.	9 partner's persona: i love the beatles.
5 partner's persona: i ca sim very fast.	6 partner's persona: i love to run.	7 partner's persona: i have a lot of trophies from my childhood.	8 partner's persona: my favorite past time is cooking.	9 partner's persona: i love to sing.
6 partner's persona: i am fluent in spanish.	7 partner's persona: i love talking on the phone.	8 partner's persona: i love to go hiking.	9 partner's persona: i have a gambling problem.	10 partner's persona: i always eat my vegetables.
5 partner's persona: i love going to concerts on the weekend.	6 partner's persona: i collect stamps.	7 partner's persona: my mom taught me how to play the cello.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	9 partner's persona: everyday i go swimming at the y.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is pink floyd.	7 partner's persona: running is a hobby.	8 partner's persona: i work as a grill cook.	9 partner's persona: i am looking for a second job.
5 partner's persona: i am six feet tall.	6 partner's persona: i speak fluent german.	7 partner's persona: my mom and dad are both red headed.	8 partner's persona: i tell bad jokes on purpose.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy making let s plays.	6 partner's persona: i love youtube.	7 partner's persona: i have my own channel.	8 partner's persona: my father works in advertising agency.
4 partner's persona: i am currently looking for employment.	5 partner's persona: i can speak three languages english , french and spanish.	6 partner's persona: i am a mother of two.
5 partner's persona: i have a career in party planning.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy deep sea diving.	7 partner's persona: my father was a member of the communist party.	8 partner's persona: my sister belongs to a cult and has not spoken to the family in years.	9 partner's persona: i like to perform stand up comedy.
6 partner's persona: i have borderline personality disorder.	7 partner's persona: i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.	8 partner's persona: at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.	9 partner's persona: it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.
5 partner's persona: i have been in 3 triathlons.	6 partner's persona: i like snowboarding.	7 partner's persona: i run more then 2 miles a day even though i hate it.	8 partner's persona: i have only one child.	9 partner's persona: my daughter just graduated college.
6 partner's persona: i am the oldest of 5 children.	7 partner's persona: i love to climb.	8 partner's persona: i ve never been to the beach.	9 partner's persona: i love my parrot , todd.
5 partner's persona: i love the color pink.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy being outside.	7 partner's persona: i love pasta.	8 partner's persona: i love to swim.	9 partner's persona: my favorite singer is britney spears.
6 partner's persona: i don t have a lot of friends.	7 partner's persona: i am stuck in a wheel chair.	8 partner's persona: i like to go to the park.	9 partner's persona: i read a lot.
6 partner's persona: have both daughters and sons.	7 partner's persona: i like to sing.	8 partner's persona: i am not married.	9 partner's persona: i love basketball.	10 partner's persona: i like to hunt.
6 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is the rolling stones.	8 partner's persona: i am a nurse at a hospital.	9 partner's persona: i am a mother.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is nickelback.	6 partner's persona: i just started working as a librarian.	7 partner's persona: i am catholic.	8 partner's persona: i do not know how to swim.
6 partner's persona: i have a crummy job at scrubway.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy playing video games.	8 partner's persona: i am in college.	9 partner's persona: i live life to its fullest.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to country music.
6 partner's persona: i work 9 to 5 job.	7 partner's persona: when i retire i want to open a bakery.	8 partner's persona: i like to cook.	9 partner's persona: sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.	10 partner's persona: my family owned a small restaurant.
6 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is to read books on the beach.	7 partner's persona: i love pandas.	8 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.	9 partner's persona: i am starting a new juicing bar.
5 partner's persona: i want to be a museum curator.	6 partner's persona: my favorite band is the beastie boys.	7 partner's persona: i love coffee with cream.	8 partner's persona: i went to new york city once.
6 partner's persona: i love cats.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	8 partner's persona: i have never broken a bone.	9 partner's persona: i am athletic.	10 partner's persona: i am a freshman in college.
6 partner's persona: i am the youngest of three brothers.	7 partner's persona: i live on a small farm in ohio.	8 partner's persona: i have never been to the city.	9 partner's persona: i play guitar in the local band.
6 partner's persona: i would like to retire to hawaii in the next 10 years.	7 partner's persona: i am not a basketball player though.	8 partner's persona: my favorite band is the rolling stones.	9 partner's persona: i currently work for ibm in chicago.	10 partner's persona: i am almost 7 feet tall.
5 partner's persona: i drink a lot of caffeine.	6 partner's persona: i have a cheap car my dad gave me.	7 partner's persona: i can run very fast for long distances.	8 partner's persona: i am very skinny and energetic.
5 partner's persona: my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.	6 partner's persona: i am training to be a welder.	7 partner's persona: i love riding roller coasters.	8 partner's persona: i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.
6 partner's persona: i starred in television commercials when i was young.	7 partner's persona: i am an actor.	8 partner's persona: i have been acting since i was ten years old.	9 partner's persona: i made my first movie when i was 18.
6 partner's persona: i collect bugs in jars.	7 partner's persona: i was a mechanic for 6 years.	8 partner's persona: i build my own computers.	9 partner's persona: i ran for political office in 2004.	10 partner's persona: i thought of joining the military when i was younger.
5 partner's persona: i like to go swimming.	6 partner's persona: i like to make fresh pies.	7 partner's persona: i am a cashier at a grocery store.	8 partner's persona: i have a garden in my yard.
6 partner's persona: i am a stay at home mom.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy a good run.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy cooking but not baking.	9 partner's persona: i like things in organized.
5 partner's persona: i am currently traveling in japan.	6 partner's persona: i live a nomadic lifestyle and travel frequently.	7 partner's persona: i haven t gone home in over two years.	8 partner's persona: i work remotely as a programmer.
5 partner's persona: i like to fly model airplanes.	6 partner's persona: i like imagine dragons.	7 partner's persona: i like to kayak.	8 partner's persona: i run six miles a day.
6 partner's persona: i am hoping to play basketball overseas.	7 partner's persona: i recently had knee surgery.	8 partner's persona: i just graduated college.	9 partner's persona: i am hoping to play.
5 partner's persona: my idol is thierry henry.	6 partner's persona: i have a wife and a 4 year old son.	7 partner's persona: i play soccer professionally.	8 partner's persona: i went to stanford.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.
5 partner's persona: i started taking beauty classes too.	6 partner's persona: recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.	7 partner's persona: i ve reached 50k subscribers !.	8 partner's persona: through them i ve learned to make up myself and others.
6 partner's persona: my favorite drink is iced coffee.	7 partner's persona: i m in a jazz band and play the saxophone.	8 partner's persona: i vacation along lake michigan every summer.	9 partner's persona: i have a black belt in karate.	10 partner's persona: i love to eat shrimp and lobster.
5 partner's persona: i have a lizard named ragini.	6 partner's persona: i like to plant flowers in my gardens.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy cooking for people.	8 partner's persona: i like to take my dog for long walks.	9 partner's persona: my mother lives with me.
5 partner's persona: i am a baseball player.	6 partner's persona: i play for the baltimore orioles.	7 partner's persona: i went to miami university.	8 partner's persona: i am married and have three kids.	9 partner's persona: i make a million dollars a year.
5 partner's persona: i am going on a cruise next month.	6 partner's persona: my parents recently moved to florida.	7 partner's persona: my brother is currently couch surfing at my house.	8 partner's persona: i love to cook.	9 partner's persona: i breed maine coon cats and show them.
5 partner's persona: i am very popular and have a lot of friends.	6 partner's persona: i will graduate from college in two years.	7 partner's persona: my parents are divorced.	8 partner's persona: i am an excellent student.
6 partner's persona: i look forward to eating at restaurants.	7 partner's persona: i work 40 hours a week.	8 partner's persona: i work in a bank.	9 partner's persona: i am very polite and courteous.	10 partner's persona: i try to do my job as best as i can.
5 partner's persona: i used to wear a cape.	6 partner's persona: we liked to pretend we were superheroes.	7 partner's persona: my parents would take my brother and i when we were little.	8 partner's persona: i love going to the movies.	9 partner's persona: it s one of my favorite hobbies.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy playing video games.	6 partner's persona: i would rather stay up late than get up early.	7 partner's persona: i am very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.	8 partner's persona: i am the youngest sibling in my family.	9 partner's persona: my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
5 partner's persona: i m a vegan.	6 partner's persona: i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip.	7 partner's persona: i love going to concerts.	8 partner's persona: my eyes are brown.	9 partner's persona: i study philosophy at umass.
5 partner's persona: i love dancing.	6 partner's persona: i have a farm with pigs , horses and hens.	7 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	8 partner's persona: i love country music.	9 partner's persona: i love animals.
5 partner's persona: i like listening to other rap music too.	6 partner's persona: a hobby of mine is the drums.	7 partner's persona: one of my favorite artists is drake.	8 partner's persona: i like to go out to eat.	9 partner's persona: i also enjoy cooking.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	6 partner's persona: i work on trucks.	7 partner's persona: i am twenty five years old.	8 partner's persona: i have a doberman.	9 partner's persona: i am a man.
5 partner's persona: going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.	6 partner's persona: i like chasing comodo lizards on a private island.	7 partner's persona: i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.	8 partner's persona: sometimes i listen to gary human to be ironic.	9 partner's persona: i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.
6 partner's persona: i work as a computer programmer.	7 partner's persona: i helped develop facebook.	8 partner's persona: i have two pitt bulls.	9 partner's persona: i like to donate time and money to charity.
5 partner's persona: i love to travel with my family.	6 partner's persona: i have blue eyes and curly brown hair.	7 partner's persona: my dog is a collie.	8 partner's persona: i love to snack between meals.
6 partner's persona: i work at a factory.	7 partner's persona: i broke my nose when i was ten.	8 partner's persona: my favorite city is seattle.	9 partner's persona: i ride my bicycle everywhere.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy jazz music.
6 partner's persona: i love to watch the voice.	7 partner's persona: i graduated from princeton.	8 partner's persona: i travel at least once a year.	9 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is to go to museums.
5 partner's persona: i have 6 toes on one foot.	6 partner's persona: i have glasses.	7 partner's persona: my favorite book is twilight.	8 partner's persona: i broke my nose in 5th grade.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	7 partner's persona: i work in an office.	8 partner's persona: i have two tattoos.	9 partner's persona: i have a cat named speckles.
6 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	7 partner's persona: i practice yoga daily.	8 partner's persona: i have a marketing job.	9 partner's persona: i also meditate a lot.
5 partner's persona: i like to go fishing.	6 partner's persona: i have 5 children.	7 partner's persona: i have an internship at a computer company.	8 partner's persona: i am a student.	9 partner's persona: my mom is a lawyer.
6 partner's persona: my parents are divorced.	7 partner's persona: i am a college student.	8 partner's persona: i work as a construction worker during the summers.	9 partner's persona: i love to travel.	10 partner's persona: my favourite food is ice cream.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is the muggers.	7 partner's persona: i could never be locked down to one partner.	8 partner's persona: my dreams are often bizarre.	9 partner's persona: i earn passive income that no one knows about.
6 partner's persona: i like watching the walking dead.	7 partner's persona: i like reading a lot.	8 partner's persona: i practice vegetarianism.	9 partner's persona: my favorite books are the harry potter books.
6 partner's persona: i work for a large company.	7 partner's persona: i dream of winning the lottery.	8 partner's persona: i like to eat food.	9 partner's persona: i listen to rock music.
5 partner's persona: i hate tomatoes.	6 partner's persona: i am very short.	7 partner's persona: i need a wheel chair to get around.	8 partner's persona: i have 2 kids.
5 partner's persona: i drink coffee every day.	6 partner's persona: i am a teacher.	7 partner's persona: i do yoga every morning.	8 partner's persona: i love chocolate.	9 partner's persona: i have a twin sister.
6 partner's persona: my favorite musical is hamilton.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is a burger.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	9 partner's persona: i work as an accountant.	10 partner's persona: i like to play tennis.
5 partner's persona: i work for an architect firm.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy fishing.	7 partner's persona: i am looking for someone.	8 partner's persona: i love to cook.	9 partner's persona: i have three dogs.
6 partner's persona: i like to go to the lake.	7 partner's persona: i like to read horror novels.	8 partner's persona: i work as an accountant.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
6 partner's persona: i married my high school sweetheart.	7 partner's persona: i am a nurse.	8 partner's persona: i was an army brat.	9 partner's persona: i am a great baker.
6 partner's persona: i am a older lady.	7 partner's persona: i like to cook stews.	8 partner's persona: i love to listen to frank sinatra.	9 partner's persona: i love to eat cheese.	10 partner's persona: i watch a lot of spongebob.
6 partner's persona: i am an excellent baker.	7 partner's persona: i was born on christmas day.	8 partner's persona: my landlord is raising my rent.	9 partner's persona: everyone says my pecan pie is the best they have ever had.	10 partner's persona: i went to law school.
6 partner's persona: i love to read.	7 partner's persona: i am a christian.	8 partner's persona: my favorite movie genre is horror.	9 partner's persona: i am a vet tech.	10 partner's persona: my favorite author is stephen king.
5 partner's persona: both of my parents are doctors.	6 partner's persona: i do community theater when i am not in school.	7 partner's persona: i am in medical school.	8 partner's persona: i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.	9 partner's persona: i really wanted to be an actor.
5 partner's persona: i like to create art.	6 partner's persona: i love to work in my garden.	7 partner's persona: i love to eat sushi and pizza.	8 partner's persona: my favorite band is ween.
6 partner's persona: my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.	7 partner's persona: my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.	8 partner's persona: in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.	9 partner's persona: i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.	10 partner's persona: my favorite store to shop at is costco.
5 partner's persona: i play games at the arcade , still.	6 partner's persona: i listen to linking park , i do not know why.	7 partner's persona: i was diagnosed with autism.	8 partner's persona: i have not done anything since high school.
6 partner's persona: i like to grow my own herbs and vegetables in my garden.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is raw onion.	8 partner's persona: i have long curly hair.	9 partner's persona: i sew my own clothes.	10 partner's persona: i am really into the powers of crystals.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is rise against.	7 partner's persona: i like sports.	8 partner's persona: i usually go to bed late.	9 partner's persona: i am studying to be a dentist.	10 partner's persona: my favorite team is the raptors.
6 partner's persona: i play guitar.	7 partner's persona: i have four daughters.	8 partner's persona: i am a michigan state trooper.	9 partner's persona: i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.
6 partner's persona: my husband is a corporate attorney.	7 partner's persona: i love to have my nails done.	8 partner's persona: i have one little boy named owen.	9 partner's persona: i use to compete in beauty pageants.
6 partner's persona: i like to visit places around the world.	7 partner's persona: i have been to every state except alaska.	8 partner's persona: i like to swim in the lake.	9 partner's persona: i love cabins in the woods on the lake.
6 partner's persona: i like hiking up volcanoes.	7 partner's persona: i drive a prius.	8 partner's persona: i cannot get enough ginger snaps.	9 partner's persona: sometimes , i like to relieve myself when on roses.
6 partner's persona: i love the chainsmokers.	7 partner's persona: i also love to travel.	8 partner's persona: i work as a lifeguard.	9 partner's persona: i love to play tennis.	10 partner's persona: my dad works offshore.
6 partner's persona: i also like ford trucks.	7 partner's persona: my truck is black.	8 partner's persona: i like ford cars.	9 partner's persona: i have a ford f150.	10 partner's persona: i own a ford truck.
6 partner's persona: i drink a lot of tea.	7 partner's persona: i hope to one day be a published author.	8 partner's persona: i write short stories in my free time.	9 partner's persona: i love art museums.
5 partner's persona: my older sister plays clarinet.	6 partner's persona: i have entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.	7 partner's persona: i play the violin.	8 partner's persona: i have a pomeranian.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy cold winters and strong breezes.	7 partner's persona: i wait for something interesting to happen each day.	8 partner's persona: i wish i could write in cursive.	9 partner's persona: i listen to a lot of strange music.	10 partner's persona: i wish i could live in iceland.
5 partner's persona: i went on welfare last month , which makes me want to run into traffic in front of big trucks.	6 partner's persona: my father is in prison.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is creed.	8 partner's persona: i am a carnivore.
6 partner's persona: my car is over 20 years old.	7 partner's persona: my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.	8 partner's persona: my dad was a preacher.	9 partner's persona: i did not finish college.	10 partner's persona: my mother was a school music teacher.
5 partner's persona: i listen to music for more than 5 hours a day.	6 partner's persona: i refuse to ride the bus.	7 partner's persona: i find joy in the littlest things.	8 partner's persona: my parents are both dead.
6 partner's persona: i cannot stand pizza.	7 partner's persona: my girlfriend just broke up with me.	8 partner's persona: i work at a school as an art teacher.	9 partner's persona: i do not own a television.	10 partner's persona: i like to read.
6 partner's persona: i am an only child.	7 partner's persona: i love dancing.	8 partner's persona: i have 3 cats.	9 partner's persona: i dye my hair blonde.
5 partner's persona: my family is very important to me.	6 partner's persona: i work all the time.	7 partner's persona: i drive a nice car.	8 partner's persona: my brothers work with me.	9 partner's persona: i take pride in my job managing the restaurant.
6 partner's persona: i want to be in a band someday.	7 partner's persona: i have a wife and two kids.	8 partner's persona: i sleep 10 hours every day because my work is tiring.	9 partner's persona: my hobbies are sleeping and playing the guitar.	10 partner's persona: i am a factory worker.
5 partner's persona: i work in commercials.	6 partner's persona: my favorite type of music is metal.	7 partner's persona: i like watching tv and movies.	8 partner's persona: my dad died when i was in high school.
5 partner's persona: i love creating new recipes.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is hunter green.	7 partner's persona: in my free time , i watch movies and sleep.	8 partner's persona: i would like to open a restaurant someday.
6 partner's persona: i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.	7 partner's persona: i am a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.	8 partner's persona: i am currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.	9 partner's persona: i would also like to study abroad in spain.	10 partner's persona: that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.
5 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy reading.	7 partner's persona: my favorite movie is pretty woman.	8 partner's persona: i am a registered nurse.	9 partner's persona: i have two smartphones.
5 partner's persona: i am blind.	6 partner's persona: i once drove a car ! my friend told me what to do while i drove.	7 partner's persona: i have many friends.	8 partner's persona: i have a job as a dj at a radio station.	9 partner's persona: i use a cane to help me get around.
5 partner's persona: i am a geology major at alabama university.	6 partner's persona: i have a girlfriend of 7 years.	7 partner's persona: i currently suffer from social anxiety.	8 partner's persona: i watch every football game at alabama.
6 partner's persona: i have amazing eye sight.	7 partner's persona: both my parents were over 6 foot tall.	8 partner's persona: i am a democrat.	9 partner's persona: i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
6 partner's persona: i kayak at the lake on weekends.	7 partner's persona: i make friends fast and say goodbye fast.	8 partner's persona: i was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years.	9 partner's persona: i chew my nails.
5 partner's persona: i get my nails done every saturday.	6 partner's persona: i work as a receptionist at a lawyer s office.	7 partner's persona: my family owns a grocery store.	8 partner's persona: i daydream about cafes in paris.	9 partner's persona: i secretly love watching wwe wrestling.
5 partner's persona: i work in a movie theater.	6 partner's persona: i hate popcorn.	7 partner's persona: nachos make me happy.	8 partner's persona: i am constantly making short films with the camcorder my parents got me.	9 partner's persona: my boyfriend is in acting school.
5 partner's persona: i only eat at restaurants.	6 partner's persona: i like having my back scratched.	7 partner's persona: my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.	8 partner's persona: i have 1 pair of shoes.
5 partner's persona: my grandma raised me.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is red orange.	7 partner's persona: i want to be a music teacher.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy watching horror flicks.
5 partner's persona: i love to be run.	6 partner's persona: i am six feet tall.	7 partner's persona: i like to dance with my friends.	8 partner's persona: i really like to go to school.	9 partner's persona: i have a family that are all tall.
5 partner's persona: i whine a lot.	6 partner's persona: i don t have a job and sit on the couch all day.	7 partner's persona: i have a golden retriever puppy.	8 partner's persona: i try to limit how much i eat.
6 partner's persona: i make cars for a living.	7 partner's persona: i like to sit on couch all day.	8 partner's persona: i make 30k a year.	9 partner's persona: i love mac and cheese.
5 partner's persona: i am the youngest in my family.	6 partner's persona: my passion is photography.	7 partner's persona: i have two older brothers.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	9 partner's persona: i am a freshman at nyu.
5 partner's persona: my favorite show is tom and jerry.	6 partner's persona: i live down the street from miley cyrus and pnb rock.	7 partner's persona: my name is jovannie and i am 19.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy hanging out with my imaginary friends as a hobby.
6 partner's persona: pink is my favorite color.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy being alone.	8 partner's persona: my mother is dead.	9 partner's persona: i am a yoga instructor.
6 partner's persona: i cannot wait to start my new life.	7 partner's persona: until then i will make 215 an hour.	8 partner's persona: i hope it to become a doctor one day.	9 partner's persona: i am a college student who is a full time working mom.	10 partner's persona: i make and me by waiting tables.
6 partner's persona: i have 3 thumbs.	7 partner's persona: i think the moon landing was faked.	8 partner's persona: i like the color red.	9 partner's persona: i can type 140 words per minute.	10 partner's persona: i talk very fast.
6 partner's persona: i have been married for 6 years.	7 partner's persona: i like to go to the casino on weekends.	8 partner's persona: i have tried 35 different types of beer in my lifetime.	9 partner's persona: i am a financial analyst for a brewery.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is pearl jam.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy hiking and riding my bicycle.	7 partner's persona: i live in a suburb of boston.	8 partner's persona: i am a night owl.
5 partner's persona: i like watching british tv shows and movies.	6 partner's persona: i have one grandson and one daughter.	7 partner's persona: i love animals.	8 partner's persona: i am a retired computer programmer.	9 partner's persona: i just turned 77.
5 partner's persona: i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.	6 partner's persona: i am training to be a welder.	7 partner's persona: my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.	8 partner's persona: i am starting an internship at a construction site next week.
5 partner's persona: i didn t pass the audition , but i ll keep trying.	6 partner's persona: since young i ve loved to cook.	7 partner's persona: i think i have talent for it.	8 partner's persona: i auditionated in a cooking show.
6 partner's persona: i am a very tall woman.	7 partner's persona: i love to cook ethnic foods.	8 partner's persona: i love to draw.	9 partner's persona: i have very curly hair.	10 partner's persona: my family came from greece in the 1950s.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is the rolling stones.	7 partner's persona: i have had the same job for 8 years.	8 partner's persona: mo mother worked as a nurse.	9 partner's persona: i do not consume caffeine.
6 partner's persona: i love eating shrimp , and i like to dip them into barbecue sauce.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy watching videos on youtube.	8 partner's persona: i use third party programs to read portable documents instead of adobe.	9 partner's persona: i have a small beagle dog who i call droopy.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy eating pumpkins.
6 partner's persona: my father recently had a heart attack.	7 partner's persona: i write short films.	8 partner's persona: i like to go to comic con.	9 partner's persona: i play the guitar.	10 partner's persona: i am a lesbian.
6 partner's persona: i make cars for a living.	7 partner's persona: i like to sit on couch all day.	8 partner's persona: i love mac and cheese.	9 partner's persona: i make 30k a year.
5 partner's persona: i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.	6 partner's persona: i have a few pet iguanas.	7 partner's persona: i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.	8 partner's persona: i am pretty poor financially.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is the rolling stones.	7 partner's persona: mo mother worked as a nurse.	8 partner's persona: i do not consume caffeine.	9 partner's persona: i have had the same job for 8 years.	10 partner's persona: i like to play guitar.
6 partner's persona: i am an old man.	7 partner's persona: i am an angry person.	8 partner's persona: i do not have a lot of family members that i like.	9 partner's persona: i like to go to bars and people watch.	10 partner's persona: i drive a jag.
6 partner's persona: i prefer summer.	7 partner's persona: i don t like dresses.	8 partner's persona: i type one handed.	9 partner's persona: i love butterflies.
6 partner's persona: i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.	7 partner's persona: i have many homes.	8 partner's persona: i ride horses.	9 partner's persona: i like to ride motorcycles.	10 partner's persona: i collect vintage cars.
5 partner's persona: i want to be desired.	6 partner's persona: i like to eat.	7 partner's persona: i want to feel pretty.	8 partner's persona: i feel overweight.	9 partner's persona: i am a mother.
6 partner's persona: i work at a grocery store.	7 partner's persona: i like to read.	8 partner's persona: i like cupcakes.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
6 partner's persona: i lived most of my life not knowing who bob marley was.	7 partner's persona: i work over 60 hours a week as a restaurant manager.	8 partner's persona: i despise my boss.	9 partner's persona: when i cut loose , i lose control.	10 partner's persona: we help each other out in my family.
5 partner's persona: i work at a candy store.	6 partner's persona: i have a passion for politics.	7 partner's persona: i run two miles everyday.	8 partner's persona: i ve been married for five years.
5 partner's persona: i went to an elite ivy league school.	6 partner's persona: i work in finance.	7 partner's persona: i look down on people who didn t.	8 partner's persona: i eat out more than three times a week.
5 partner's persona: i like rock music.	6 partner's persona: i like basketball.	7 partner's persona: i work at mcdonalds.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is green.
6 partner's persona: i love to have my nails done.	7 partner's persona: my husband is a corporate attorney.	8 partner's persona: i have one little boy named owen.	9 partner's persona: i use to compete in beauty pageants.
6 partner's persona: i give out sports information.	7 partner's persona: i am a small business owner.	8 partner's persona: i help them win a lot of money.	9 partner's persona: my clients are gamblers.	10 partner's persona: i have a consulting firm.
6 partner's persona: under a pen name , i write romance books.	7 partner's persona: i am a short order cook at a local diner.	8 partner's persona: i have a terrible singing voice.	9 partner's persona: this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.
5 partner's persona: i use to own 6 cats.	6 partner's persona: i got married to my highschool friend.	7 partner's persona: i never learned how to write.	8 partner's persona: i can only see 200 feet in front of me.
5 partner's persona: i started a new job this year , which is helping me learn more about socialization.	6 partner's persona: i take everything literally.	7 partner's persona: i am very genuine , and don t like small talk.	8 partner's persona: i have a very good memory.	9 partner's persona: i have aspergers.
5 partner's persona: i have a collection of video games.	6 partner's persona: my son is a straight a student.	7 partner's persona: my wife and i enjoy long sunday drives.	8 partner's persona: i have a very tone body.
6 partner's persona: i live in a rural area.	7 partner's persona: i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is pasta.	9 partner's persona: i love helping people.
5 partner's persona: i need a soda with me at all times.	6 partner's persona: i like the group the rolling stones.	7 partner's persona: i married my high school sweetheart.	8 partner's persona: i do not eat healthy.
5 partner's persona: i like watching sports.	6 partner's persona: ferrari is my favorite car company.	7 partner's persona: i work out daily.	8 partner's persona: basketball is my favorite sport to watch.	9 partner's persona: i own many cars.
5 partner's persona: i have a condition that prevents me from going to high altitudes.	6 partner's persona: my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.	7 partner's persona: spiders scare the life out of me.	8 partner's persona: i always put my left sock on first.	9 partner's persona: i pray to god for my family every morning.
6 partner's persona: i love scary movies.	7 partner's persona: i am learning to play the piano.	8 partner's persona: i am allergic to cats.	9 partner's persona: i am a member of the ymca.
6 partner's persona: i am a lawyer.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is steak.	8 partner's persona: i love to run.	9 partner's persona: my wife just left me.	10 partner's persona: my favorite city is new york.
6 partner's persona: my mother was a teacher.	7 partner's persona: i am single.	8 partner's persona: i teach a yoga class.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is salad.
6 partner's persona: i love reading mysteries in my free time.	7 partner's persona: i went to college in chicago.	8 partner's persona: i am pursuing my law degree.	9 partner's persona: i am the youngest of 3.
4 partner's persona: i work in a corner grocery store during the day.	5 partner's persona: my favorite show is scobby doo.	6 partner's persona: i like dr pepper and black jack gum , but not together.	7 partner's persona: i draw comic books.
5 partner's persona: i m allergic to milk.	6 partner's persona: i don t like the beach.	7 partner's persona: i dream of becoming a famous actress.	8 partner's persona: i am a writer.
6 partner's persona: i have two tattoos.	7 partner's persona: i work in an office.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	9 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is knitting.	10 partner's persona: i have a cat named speckles.
6 partner's persona: i collect single malt scotch.	7 partner's persona: during the week i go to college to become a lawyer.	8 partner's persona: i live in a tiny house to save money.	9 partner's persona: i listen to blues and jazz.	10 partner's persona: i tend bar on the weekends.
5 partner's persona: i am on a keto diet.	6 partner's persona: i have 2 dogs , both golden retrievers.	7 partner's persona: my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.	8 partner's persona: i like going to the moives.	9 partner's persona: i work in a circus as a juggler.
6 partner's persona: i prefer vinyl records to any other music recording format.	7 partner's persona: i m never still.	8 partner's persona: i think if i work hard enough i can fix the world.	9 partner's persona: i fix airplanes for a living.	10 partner's persona: i drive junk cars that no one else wants.
6 partner's persona: i drink protein powder with nothing but water.	7 partner's persona: i like to watch mma.	8 partner's persona: my prized possession is a bowie knife.	9 partner's persona: i m entering the police academy this summer.
5 partner's persona: i like to listen to rap music.	6 partner's persona: my car is black.	7 partner's persona: my favorite song is california love.	8 partner's persona: i drive a fast car.	9 partner's persona: my favorite artist is 2pac.
6 partner's persona: i like to bake brownies.	7 partner's persona: i love wearing flip flops.	8 partner's persona: i love laughing.	9 partner's persona: my best friend is from tanzania.	10 partner's persona: i have freckles.
6 partner's persona: i own a dog that is small.	7 partner's persona: i like to play football.	8 partner's persona: i have beard that is longer.	9 partner's persona: i like to ride my bike.
5 partner's persona: i have won an olympic medal.	6 partner's persona: i need certain medications to live.	7 partner's persona: i like fast food too much.	8 partner's persona: i skydive frequently.	9 partner's persona: i like the band queens of the stone age.
6 partner's persona: i ve started creating my own comics and presenting them to publishers.	7 partner's persona: i ve been rejected several times and thought of giving up with this.	8 partner's persona: and also love drawing.	9 partner's persona: i love comics.	10 partner's persona: i decided to publish my creations on internet.
5 partner's persona: i have 10 alpacas.	6 partner's persona: i own a home with 5 acres of land.	7 partner's persona: i am active on my city council.	8 partner's persona: i like wide , open spaces.	9 partner's persona: i only eat locally sourced food.
6 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	7 partner's persona: i work as a vet.	8 partner's persona: i am a 30 year old female.	9 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs and 2 cats.
5 partner's persona: my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.	6 partner's persona: i cannot get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.	7 partner's persona: i have sandy brown hair and green eyes.	8 partner's persona: i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
5 partner's persona: my mom died when i was six.	6 partner's persona: my dad is a college professor.	7 partner's persona: i am a petsitter.	8 partner's persona: i have purple hair.	9 partner's persona: my favorite book is the tale of genji.
6 partner's persona: i have a family that are all tall.	7 partner's persona: i am six feet tall.	8 partner's persona: i like to dance with my friends.	9 partner's persona: i really like to go to school.
6 partner's persona: i visit india often.	7 partner's persona: i want to be an explorer.	8 partner's persona: i am an athlete.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
6 partner's persona: i love sweets.	7 partner's persona: i am in high school.	8 partner's persona: i cs and ds.	9 partner's persona: i love bruno mars.	10 partner's persona: i sleep a lot.
6 partner's persona: i work as a computer technician , but secretly hate my job.	7 partner's persona: i am terrified of spiders , but love snakes.	8 partner's persona: at all times , i am wearing something black.	9 partner's persona: my dog is my best friend.
6 partner's persona: i like to read.	7 partner's persona: i listen to podcasts.	8 partner's persona: i have a long drive to work.	9 partner's persona: i am a diabetic.
5 partner's persona: i own a ford truck.	6 partner's persona: i like ford cars.	7 partner's persona: i also like ford trucks.	8 partner's persona: my truck is black.	9 partner's persona: i have a ford f150.
5 partner's persona: if things aren t done right i ll redo them again and again.	6 partner's persona: i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.	7 partner's persona: i work too much.	8 partner's persona: i think i need a vacation.
6 partner's persona: i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.	7 partner's persona: i like to read true crime novels.	8 partner's persona: i travel every year to disney world.	9 partner's persona: i am close to both of my brothers.
5 partner's persona: i like to cook stews.	6 partner's persona: i am a older lady.	7 partner's persona: i love to eat cheese.	8 partner's persona: i watch a lot of spongebob.	9 partner's persona: i love to listen to frank sinatra.
5 partner's persona: i want to live at the beach.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy talking to strangers.	7 partner's persona: i love honey.	8 partner's persona: i am good at throwing parties.	9 partner's persona: my favorite animal is a monkey.
5 partner's persona: my favorite book is the bible.	6 partner's persona: i am married.	7 partner's persona: i have a passion for god.	8 partner's persona: i love to travel.	9 partner's persona: i am a older gentlemen.
5 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	6 partner's persona: i volunteer walking dogs twice a week.	7 partner's persona: i spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups.	8 partner's persona: i have an 18 year old son.	9 partner's persona: i love animals.
6 partner's persona: i am a student.	7 partner's persona: i also like ice cream.	8 partner's persona: i like painting , i can cook well.	9 partner's persona: i like cookies.	10 partner's persona: i like pasta.
6 partner's persona: i only eat organic food.	7 partner's persona: i am allergic to dust.	8 partner's persona: i collect comic books.	9 partner's persona: i have an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.
5 partner's persona: i have been on the design team for over 65 video games.	6 partner's persona: i design video games for a living.	7 partner's persona: i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.	8 partner's persona: my son plays on the local football team.
6 partner's persona: regular life disappoints me.	7 partner's persona: i wish that i could be an animal.	8 partner's persona: i wonder about what life in space would be like.	9 partner's persona: i do not get along with my family.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy classical music.
6 partner's persona: my name is tom.	7 partner's persona: i am east asian.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy eating italian food.
5 partner's persona: i work for a large company.	6 partner's persona: i like to eat food.	7 partner's persona: i listen to rock music.	8 partner's persona: i drive a fast car.
5 partner's persona: i hope to travel the world one day.	6 partner's persona: i am a farmer.	7 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is rock.	8 partner's persona: my hobbies include photography and hiking.	9 partner's persona: i have two pet dogs.
6 partner's persona: i exercise everyday.	7 partner's persona: i eat large meals.	8 partner's persona: i like to swim.	9 partner's persona: i am in college.
5 partner's persona: i currently suffer from social anxiety.	6 partner's persona: i never have had alcohol in my life.	7 partner's persona: i watch every football game at alabama.	8 partner's persona: i am a geology major at alabama university.	9 partner's persona: i have a girlfriend of 7 years.
5 partner's persona: i love watching sunsets.	6 partner's persona: i love to surf.	7 partner's persona: my hair is brown and curly.	8 partner's persona: i live near the ocean.	9 partner's persona: i hate red meat.
5 partner's persona: my favorite store to shop at is costco.	6 partner's persona: my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.	7 partner's persona: i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.	8 partner's persona: in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.	9 partner's persona: my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.
5 partner's persona: my car is green and smells weird.	6 partner's persona: my favorite band used to be toto.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is meatloaf.	8 partner's persona: my dog s name is toto.
6 partner's persona: i have traveled to both ireland and australia.	7 partner's persona: my father was born in australia.	8 partner's persona: my mother was born in ireland.	9 partner's persona: my father was an author.	10 partner's persona: i like to travel.
6 partner's persona: i am a girl.	7 partner's persona: i love sushi.	8 partner's persona: i love dogs.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
6 partner's persona: my mother was a teacher.	7 partner's persona: i am single.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is salad.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy nature.
5 partner's persona: i used to smoke.	6 partner's persona: i like to drive for hours.	7 partner's persona: i have 10 piercings.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is italian.
6 partner's persona: i have been dating my boyfriend for over 10 years.	7 partner's persona: i have a black and white cat named cow.	8 partner's persona: my favorite coffee is french vanilla.	9 partner's persona: i am a gymnast.
5 partner's persona: i am 25 years old and live with my parents.	6 partner's persona: i play drums in a band.	7 partner's persona: i have a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.	8 partner's persona: i drive a ford mustang.
6 partner's persona: i am thirty two years old.	7 partner's persona: i am a house wife.	8 partner's persona: i cannot drive.	9 partner's persona: i am on a diet.	10 partner's persona: i have been married eight years.
5 partner's persona: i like movies based on comedies.	6 partner's persona: i work many hours rehearsing for my show.	7 partner's persona: i am a ballet dancer.	8 partner's persona: my parents passed away in a car accident.
6 partner's persona: i recently proposed to my girlfriend of three years.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is avenged sevenfold.	8 partner's persona: i currently hold three jobs.	9 partner's persona: my dream job is a to become a baseball announcer.	10 partner's persona: i watch south park at least once a day.
5 partner's persona: driving in the country side is a pastime.	6 partner's persona: i live in a small town.	7 partner's persona: i wanted to be a nurse.	8 partner's persona: i like to go shopping.	9 partner's persona: i went to college.
6 partner's persona: i wear glasses that are cateye.	7 partner's persona: my eyes are green.	8 partner's persona: my skin is olive colored.	9 partner's persona: my purse has a picture of a skunk on it.
6 partner's persona: i hate flowers.	7 partner's persona: i am going bald.	8 partner's persona: i play the piano.	9 partner's persona: i ran into jimmy fallon just the other day.	10 partner's persona: i make my own clothes.
5 partner's persona: i am a man.	6 partner's persona: i work on trucks.	7 partner's persona: i have a doberman.	8 partner's persona: i am twenty five years old.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.
5 partner's persona: i worked as a nurse for many years.	6 partner's persona: my husband was a salesman.	7 partner's persona: i have lived in several different states.	8 partner's persona: i have a cat named kj.
5 partner's persona: my favorite singer is justin timberlike.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy horseback riding.	7 partner's persona: i am a full time mom.	8 partner's persona: my family and i go camping every month.	9 partner's persona: i am a mother to two beautiful boys.
6 partner's persona: i love to knit and crochet.	7 partner's persona: i am a happy person.	8 partner's persona: i love to listen to music.	9 partner's persona: i love to go to the lake.	10 partner's persona: i love to take walks.
5 partner's persona: i teach both japanese and drawing classes.	6 partner's persona: my dogs name is wonton.	7 partner's persona: i am still single at the age of 35.	8 partner's persona: i came from japan to teach high school over 10 years ago.	9 partner's persona: i still have a thick accent so words like hippopotamus are difficult.
5 partner's persona: i hate social obligations because i always say the wrong thing.	6 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time watching obscure foreign film on netflix.	7 partner's persona: i like running in marathons.	8 partner's persona: i prefer eating at home because people make me nervous.	9 partner's persona: my dad owns a appliance store that i do not want to inherit.
6 partner's persona: my favorite drink is cuba libre.	7 partner's persona: i had a gig at local theater last night.	8 partner's persona: i work as a stand up comedian.	9 partner's persona: i come from a small town.	10 partner's persona: i did a few small roles in tv series.
5 partner's persona: i drive a black car.	6 partner's persona: my favorite food is steak.	7 partner's persona: i like meat.	8 partner's persona: i listen to rap.
5 partner's persona: i do not eat healthy.	6 partner's persona: i like the group the rolling stones.	7 partner's persona: i need a soda with me at all times.	8 partner's persona: i have 3 kids.	9 partner's persona: i married my high school sweetheart.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	6 partner's persona: i have a wife and a 4 year old son.	7 partner's persona: i went to stanford.	8 partner's persona: my idol is theirry henry.
5 partner's persona: i drink beers and go to the creek.	6 partner's persona: i usually catch sunfish.	7 partner's persona: i m a simple man.	8 partner's persona: i like fishing.	9 partner's persona: i can t eat them but they re pretty.
6 partner's persona: i am really excited to see how game of thrones ends.	7 partner's persona: i like to do all my shopping at walmart.	8 partner's persona: i am deathly terrified of heights.	9 partner's persona: winters my favorite time of the year.	10 partner's persona: i prefer to live where the weathers cold.
5 partner's persona: i drive a honda civic.	6 partner's persona: i have three children.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy taking walks.	8 partner's persona: my best friend lives down the street.	9 partner's persona: i am named after my grandmother.
5 partner's persona: i am an older guy.	6 partner's persona: i love to eat sushi and pizza.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is ween.	8 partner's persona: i love to work in my garden.	9 partner's persona: i like to create art.
6 partner's persona: i ve never been to the beach.	7 partner's persona: i m a disappointment to my family.	8 partner's persona: i love to climb.	9 partner's persona: i love my parrot , todd.
5 partner's persona: i am pretty poor financially.	6 partner's persona: i have a few pet iguanas.	7 partner's persona: i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.	8 partner's persona: i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.	9 partner's persona: i have a brother but we don t talk much yet.
5 partner's persona: i am stuck in the past due to remoteness.	6 partner's persona: i have no technological skills.	7 partner's persona: i am a savage.	8 partner's persona: i work for the discovery channel creating videos.
5 partner's persona: i am not married.	6 partner's persona: i like to hunt.	7 partner's persona: i love basketball.	8 partner's persona: i like to sing.	9 partner's persona: have both daughters and sons.
5 partner's persona: i do not have a lot of friends.	6 partner's persona: i work at a museum.	7 partner's persona: i am stuck in a wheel chair.	8 partner's persona: i read a lot.
5 partner's persona: i teach kindergarten.	6 partner's persona: my class has 26 kids.	7 partner's persona: i enjoys kayaking in my free time.	8 partner's persona: i teach at a large school.
6 partner's persona: my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.	7 partner's persona: i am very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.	8 partner's persona: i would rather stay up late than get up early.	9 partner's persona: i am the youngest sibling in my family.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy playing video games.
6 partner's persona: my father is a retired police officer.	7 partner's persona: i like to build furniture.	8 partner's persona: i have been held hostage in a store robbery situation.	9 partner's persona: i clean houses for extra money.
6 partner's persona: i am known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.	7 partner's persona: i am a professional skittles player.	8 partner's persona: in my free time , i watch anime and baseball.	9 partner's persona: my favorite mob player is barolo colon.
6 partner's persona: i am italian american.	7 partner's persona: i work in finance.	8 partner's persona: i paint with watercolors.	9 partner's persona: i hate cleaning.
6 partner's persona: i only date people taller than me.	7 partner's persona: i wish i could live forever.	8 partner's persona: i like free diving.	9 partner's persona: i really like technology.	10 partner's persona: my dog is smaller than my cat.
6 partner's persona: i have two tattoos.	7 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is knitting.	8 partner's persona: i work in an office.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.
5 partner's persona: i like to hunt.	6 partner's persona: i like the tv show the walking dead.	7 partner's persona: i love the tigers baseball team.	8 partner's persona: i am thin.
5 partner's persona: i am deathly afraid of snakes , but not bugs.	6 partner's persona: i drink 10 cups of tea every day.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	8 partner's persona: i really enjoy hiking.
6 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.	7 partner's persona: i take the subway to work everyday.	8 partner's persona: every fall i visit my sister in canada.	9 partner's persona: i have four cats.
5 partner's persona: my favorite drink is dr pepper.	6 partner's persona: i am a nurse.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy reading.	8 partner's persona: i work in the emergency room.
6 partner's persona: i am a man.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	8 partner's persona: i work on trucks.	9 partner's persona: i have a doberman.
6 partner's persona: i have bowled a 300 game twice in my life.	7 partner's persona: i have been held hostage in a store robbery situation.	8 partner's persona: i like to build furniture.	9 partner's persona: i clean houses for extra money.
6 partner's persona: my favorite sport is hockey.	7 partner's persona: i like rollerblading.	8 partner's persona: i try to eat a balanced diet.	9 partner's persona: i am caucasian.
6 partner's persona: i like having my back scratched.	7 partner's persona: i am allergic to shellfish and cats.	8 partner's persona: my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.	9 partner's persona: i have 1 pair of shoes.	10 partner's persona: i only eat at restaurants.
6 partner's persona: i have 5 kids.	7 partner's persona: i love new gadgets.	8 partner's persona: i love to socialize.	9 partner's persona: i love to draw.
5 partner's persona: i m a profesional translator.	6 partner's persona: i m writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.	7 partner's persona: after finishing my career i discovered that i m not that pasionate about it.	8 partner's persona: i want to become an author.
5 partner's persona: i eat a lot of carbs even though my doctor tells me not to.	6 partner's persona: i ride a motorcycle , but it s not a harley.	7 partner's persona: just this past week i got a job cleaning gutters.	8 partner's persona: i spend every waking hour i can at the archery center.
6 partner's persona: i like reading a lot.	7 partner's persona: my favorite books are the harry potter books.	8 partner's persona: i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.	9 partner's persona: i like watching the walking dead.	10 partner's persona: i practice vegetarianism.
6 partner's persona: my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.	7 partner's persona: my mom is a professional tennis player.	8 partner's persona: i am currently in elementary school.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is one direction.
5 partner's persona: i go to college part time.	6 partner's persona: i almost always wear a t shirt and jeans.	7 partner's persona: skateboarding is a hobby of mine.	8 partner's persona: i have a crush on my co worker.	9 partner's persona: i love candy.
5 partner's persona: i have created my own personal religion.	6 partner's persona: i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.	7 partner's persona: i only buy convertible cars.	8 partner's persona: i do not celebrate any holidays.
6 partner's persona: i drive only toyota.	7 partner's persona: i talk a lot in irc.	8 partner's persona: chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.	9 partner's persona: i like pepsi.	10 partner's persona: superman s my favorite super hero.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.	6 partner's persona: i sing many songs.	7 partner's persona: i especially enjoy listening to the band the mutineers.	8 partner's persona: i am a happy person.
5 partner's persona: i am a poet.	6 partner's persona: i donate old clothes to the homeless.	7 partner's persona: i am the head of the gun club.	8 partner's persona: my friends and i enjoy golfing on sunny days.
6 partner's persona: i have a wife and a 4 year old son.	7 partner's persona: i play soccer professionally.	8 partner's persona: my idol is theirry henry.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	10 partner's persona: i went to stanford.
6 partner's persona: i also like ford trucks.	7 partner's persona: i have a ford f150.	8 partner's persona: i own a ford truck.	9 partner's persona: my truck is black.	10 partner's persona: i like ford cars.
6 partner's persona: i love the color pink.	7 partner's persona: i love to swim.	8 partner's persona: i love pasta.	9 partner's persona: my favorite singer is britney spears.
5 partner's persona: i love to drive my car.	6 partner's persona: i work in a factory.	7 partner's persona: i like watching ufc fights.	8 partner's persona: connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy travel.
6 partner's persona: i drive a prius.	7 partner's persona: i work for a large law firm.	8 partner's persona: we own our home.	9 partner's persona: i hate tofu.	10 partner's persona: my wife stays home with our kids.
5 partner's persona: my hobby is sewing.	6 partner's persona: i like to make fresh pies.	7 partner's persona: i am a cashier at a grocery store.	8 partner's persona: i have a garden in my yard.	9 partner's persona: i like to go swimming.
6 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs and a parrot.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.	8 partner's persona: i play bingo every wednesday with my husband.	9 partner's persona: my family means the world to me.	10 partner's persona: my left knee is filled with metal.
6 partner's persona: i dropped out of high school.	7 partner's persona: i love to read.	8 partner's persona: i can read in english and french.	9 partner's persona: i read three books a week.	10 partner's persona: i learned how to reads when i was three.
5 partner's persona: i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.	6 partner's persona: i don t have children.	7 partner's persona: i do yoga on tuesdays.	8 partner's persona: i work five days a week.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.
5 partner's persona: my best friend lives in a big city.	6 partner's persona: i work at a grocery store.	7 partner's persona: i go visit them sometimes.	8 partner's persona: she likes to grow plants in her garden.
5 partner's persona: i have always wanted a pot bellied pig.	6 partner's persona: my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad is a tax assessor.	7 partner's persona: i love owning nice office supplies.	8 partner's persona: my favorite book is anne of green gables.	9 partner's persona: i won a beauty pageant one time but did not feel like it was worth the effort.
5 partner's persona: i used to wear glasses as a child.	6 partner's persona: i m applying for publishing jobs.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is green.	8 partner's persona: my mother is a librarian.
5 partner's persona: i am bloated.	6 partner's persona: i am funny.	7 partner's persona: i like sprite soda.	8 partner's persona: i can draw.	9 partner's persona: i have sausage fingers.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy playing guitar and video games.	7 partner's persona: i work from home doing various jobs on the internet.	8 partner's persona: i love beef.	9 partner's persona: i am in a very intimate and loving relationship.
6 partner's persona: my favorite food is mashed potatoes.	7 partner's persona: i love game of thrones.	8 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	9 partner's persona: my brother used to be in the navy.	10 partner's persona: i like soccer.
5 partner's persona: i am an environmental activist.	6 partner's persona: i love to hike.	7 partner's persona: i have visited 12 national parks in the us.	8 partner's persona: i live in vermont.
6 partner's persona: i was born premature.	7 partner's persona: i recently broke my leg.	8 partner's persona: i live in texas.	9 partner's persona: my dad is journalist for the new york times.
6 partner's persona: i once wrote a biography of my favorite actor.	7 partner's persona: i love to read.	8 partner's persona: i ve never been on a date.	9 partner's persona: i adopted all my dogs.	10 partner's persona: i believe in karma.
6 partner's persona: watching sports is fun.	7 partner's persona: my favorite sport is hockey.	8 partner's persona: i aspire to be a millionaire.	9 partner's persona: i go to yoga.
5 partner's persona: i spend most of my days working at my church s food pantry.	6 partner's persona: i love agatha christie novels.	7 partner's persona: i grow the tallest sunfloweres you ve ever seen.	8 partner's persona: i have 5 children , though 2 have passed away.
6 partner's persona: my mother worked for apple.	7 partner's persona: i have never been employed.	8 partner's persona: my favorite genre of music is rock.	9 partner's persona: i like video games.
6 partner's persona: i work for a clothes retailer.	7 partner's persona: i have one child.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy gardening.	9 partner's persona: my favorite drink is red wine.	10 partner's persona: i own two boxer dogs.
6 partner's persona: i live with my parents.	7 partner's persona: i currently work at mcdonald.	8 partner's persona: i am saving money to buy my first car.	9 partner's persona: i am taking a year off before i start college.	10 partner's persona: i am eighteen years old.
5 partner's persona: i graduated with a statistics degree.	6 partner's persona: i know how to count cards in blackjack.	7 partner's persona: i have 3 kids.	8 partner's persona: i am a blackjack dealer.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.	7 partner's persona: my hair is short.	8 partner's persona: i play piano.	9 partner's persona: my father is dead.	10 partner's persona: my boyfriend is in the army.
6 partner's persona: i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.	7 partner's persona: i just bought my first home.	8 partner's persona: i live in springfield , mo.	9 partner's persona: i am a writer.	10 partner's persona: i love to barbecue.
5 partner's persona: my major is in business administration.	6 partner's persona: i work at a daycare.	7 partner's persona: my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.	8 partner's persona: i am a college student.
5 partner's persona: i do not own any pets.	6 partner's persona: my favorite meal is brunch.	7 partner's persona: my car is black.	8 partner's persona: i lease my car.	9 partner's persona: i am a recruiter.
5 partner's persona: i wish my mom was healthier.	6 partner's persona: i wish i could go to a better school.	7 partner's persona: i worry about our neighbors yelling in the middle of the night.	8 partner's persona: i worry about my image.	9 partner's persona: i live in a bad neighborhood.
5 partner's persona: i am married and have five children.	6 partner's persona: i work as a veterinarian.	7 partner's persona: my birthplace is spain.	8 partner's persona: my favorite music is hip hop.	9 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.
6 partner's persona: i teach elementary school children at a private school.	7 partner's persona: my friends tell me that i m a neurotic hypochondriac.	8 partner's persona: ocd rules my life , and i have a hard time relinquishing control.	9 partner's persona: i am a seventh day adventist.
5 partner's persona: i listen to rock music.	6 partner's persona: i drive a fast car.	7 partner's persona: i like to eat food.	8 partner's persona: i dream of winning the lottery.
6 partner's persona: i love comics.	7 partner's persona: i love reading.	8 partner's persona: i have a cat as a pet.	9 partner's persona: i work from home.
6 partner's persona: i just lost my job and i m looking for something new.	7 partner's persona: i think i might need help.	8 partner's persona: i live with my parents.	9 partner's persona: i m bisexual.
6 partner's persona: my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.	7 partner's persona: i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.	8 partner's persona: i m a receptionist at a doctors office.	9 partner's persona: my name is mary.	10 partner's persona: i m also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
5 partner's persona: i like to go swimming.	6 partner's persona: i have epilepsy.	7 partner's persona: my parents are not married anymore.	8 partner's persona: i have one son.	9 partner's persona: i like to read.
5 partner's persona: i love hamburgers.	6 partner's persona: i always sleep 8 hours a day.	7 partner's persona: i go running a lot.	8 partner's persona: i work as an electrician.	9 partner's persona: i hate winter.
6 partner's persona: i love watching game of thrones.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy walking for exercise.	8 partner's persona: i have four children.	9 partner's persona: i am an artist.	10 partner's persona: i recently got a cat.
6 partner's persona: i don t like the beach.	7 partner's persona: i am a writer.	8 partner's persona: i m allergic to milk.	9 partner's persona: i dream of becoming a famous actress.	10 partner's persona: zebras are my favorite animals.
6 partner's persona: i also enjoy reading novels by female authors and exploring new areas.	7 partner's persona: i enjoying keeping up with the news and learning about political issues.	8 partner's persona: i often spend my free time engaging in activism work with friends and family.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy this type of activist work , as my job is not very personally fulfilling.
5 partner's persona: my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.	6 partner's persona: i just started the tenth grade and my concentration is in science.	7 partner's persona: i live in america in the state of florida.	8 partner's persona: i am fifteen years old.
5 partner's persona: i was adopted when i was a baby.	6 partner's persona: my adopted dad works at hp.	7 partner's persona: my mom stays at home.	8 partner's persona: the future scares me.	9 partner's persona: i have six siblings.
6 partner's persona: its one of my favorite hobbies.	7 partner's persona: my parents would take my brother and i when we were little.	8 partner's persona: i love going to the movies.	9 partner's persona: we liked to pretend we were superheroes.	10 partner's persona: i used to wear a cape.
6 partner's persona: i have never lost a fight.	7 partner's persona: i have more then 10 tattoos.	8 partner's persona: i am a grown woman.	9 partner's persona: i am in a motorcycle club.	10 partner's persona: i have gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.
6 partner's persona: i love to listen to religious music.	7 partner's persona: i am a middle aged woman.	8 partner's persona: i love my family.	9 partner's persona: i like playing basketball.	10 partner's persona: i don t talk a lot.
5 partner's persona: i am a gourmet cook.	6 partner's persona: i have a severe phobia of wide open spaces.	7 partner's persona: as a child , i won a national spelling bee.	8 partner's persona: i have perfect pitch.
6 partner's persona: i am single.	7 partner's persona: i drive a bmw.	8 partner's persona: i love to shop.	9 partner's persona: i have a lot of friends.
5 partner's persona: i work for a large hospital.	6 partner's persona: boating is my favorite activity.	7 partner's persona: i am a doctor.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy vacations at the beach.	9 partner's persona: i live in a large home.
5 partner's persona: i have my own salon.	6 partner's persona: i live on a boat.	7 partner's persona: i got married last year.	8 partner's persona: my hair is colored purple.
6 partner's persona: when people do not like my social media posts , it upsets me.	7 partner's persona: i am from austin , texas.	8 partner's persona: i like every post i see on social media.	9 partner's persona: i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.
5 partner's persona: i m starting an internship at a construction site next week.	6 partner's persona: my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.	7 partner's persona: i love riding roller coasters.	8 partner's persona: i am training to be a welder.
6 partner's persona: my parents were divorced.	7 partner's persona: i am a widow.	8 partner's persona: i have broken my arm twice.	9 partner's persona: i grew up with 6 siblings.
6 partner's persona: i like to draw.	7 partner's persona: i am from france.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is tacos.	9 partner's persona: i am studying literature.	10 partner's persona: i am a vegan.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	7 partner's persona: i hate cleaning.	8 partner's persona: i work in finance.	9 partner's persona: i paint with watercolors.
5 partner's persona: my neighbor comes over all the time to watch rugby with me.	6 partner's persona: i like to fly kites.	7 partner's persona: i love sports , but rugby is my favorite.	8 partner's persona: i work out every other day.
6 partner's persona: i listen to classical music.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy golfing.	8 partner's persona: i work for a large law firm.	9 partner's persona: i love my work and just got promoted.	10 partner's persona: i am married with three kids.
5 partner's persona: i own 9 guitars.	6 partner's persona: i learned piano at age 6.	7 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	8 partner's persona: i am trying to play in a local band.
5 partner's persona: i run marathons.	6 partner's persona: i despise sweet potatoes.	7 partner's persona: i have three great danes.	8 partner's persona: i am a weightlifter.	9 partner's persona: i love the all american rejects.
5 partner's persona: i am single.	6 partner's persona: i work at a restaurant as waiter.	7 partner's persona: i am a cyclist.	8 partner's persona: my father used to be a cop.
6 partner's persona: i have a friend group , but i don t like any of them.	7 partner's persona: i coexist well with my husband.	8 partner's persona: my days are filled with cross country try outs and basketball practice.	9 partner's persona: i am a middle aged mother of two high school boys.	10 partner's persona: but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.
6 partner's persona: i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.	7 partner's persona: my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.	8 partner's persona: i can t get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.	9 partner's persona: i have sandy brown hair and green eyes.	10 partner's persona: i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
5 partner's persona: my favorite breakfast is pancakes.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy the outdoors.	7 partner's persona: i am a hardcore biker.	8 partner's persona: i got a girlfriend last month.
5 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	7 partner's persona: i work as an accountant.	8 partner's persona: i like to go to the lake.	9 partner's persona: i like to read horror novels.
6 partner's persona: i am in high school.	7 partner's persona: i am a female.	8 partner's persona: i have blonde hair.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.
6 partner's persona: i worry about money even though i am in high school.	7 partner's persona: i am dissatisfied with the school life i have had so far.	8 partner's persona: i wished i was older so i could move out.	9 partner's persona: my dad is very strict with his kids.	10 partner's persona: i have one close friend i grew up with.
6 partner's persona: my favorite movie is dirty harry.	7 partner's persona: i want to learn how to fly an airplane.	8 partner's persona: i collect stamps.	9 partner's persona: i am a mortician.
5 partner's persona: i love animals.	6 partner's persona: i love reading.	7 partner's persona: i work at a hotel.	8 partner's persona: my favorite band is a fine frenzy.	9 partner's persona: i like chicken nuggets.
5 partner's persona: i have a brand new chevrolet.	6 partner's persona: i am a big sports fan.	7 partner's persona: i am looking to start a business.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy hanging out with friends and family.	9 partner's persona: i like to get involved in politics.
5 partner's persona: i like playing games online.	6 partner's persona: i will study computer science.	7 partner's persona: i m a vegetarian.	8 partner's persona: i just graduated from high school.
5 partner's persona: i want to move to london when i get older.	6 partner's persona: i work for nike as an accountant.	7 partner's persona: i love soccer.	8 partner's persona: i like to invest in the stock market.
6 partner's persona: i have a new job selling cars.	7 partner's persona: i love meat.	8 partner's persona: i love to paint pictures.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.
5 partner's persona: i like to play video games.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	7 partner's persona: i have purple hair.	8 partner's persona: my favorite movie is gone with the wind.
6 partner's persona: i like to work on cars.	7 partner's persona: i work in marketing for a large company.	8 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is classic rock.	9 partner's persona: i like to try different beers from various countries.
6 partner's persona: i do not own any pets.	7 partner's persona: i lease my car.	8 partner's persona: my car is black.	9 partner's persona: i am a recruiter.
5 partner's persona: i work in a flower shop.	6 partner's persona: i like cats.	7 partner's persona: i live in my parent s basement.	8 partner's persona: i m a vegetarian.
5 partner's persona: i am twenty one years old.	6 partner's persona: i live in a small apartment in new york.	7 partner's persona: i have a small pet cat.	8 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	9 partner's persona: i am currently going to school to be an artist.
6 partner's persona: the only autographs i ve ever wanted are from authors.	7 partner's persona: my mother is a librarian.	8 partner's persona: i used to wear glasses as a child.	9 partner's persona: i m applying for publishing jobs.	10 partner's persona: my favorite color is green.
6 partner's persona: have both daughters and sons.	7 partner's persona: i love basketball.	8 partner's persona: i like to sing.	9 partner's persona: i am not married.	10 partner's persona: i like to hunt.
6 partner's persona: i work at a coffee shop.	7 partner's persona: my mom was a hairdresser.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	9 partner's persona: i drive a prius.	10 partner's persona: i love to dance.
6 partner's persona: i like to make boats on the weekends.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy fishing.	8 partner's persona: i have a dog named bob.	9 partner's persona: i live on an island.
5 partner's persona: my husband is a pastor.	6 partner's persona: i sell clothing on facebook.	7 partner's persona: i have two children.	8 partner's persona: i do not like to clean house.	9 partner's persona: my hair is curly and dark.
5 partner's persona: i work as a waitress.	6 partner's persona: i am an insatiable reader.	7 partner's persona: i love to play soccer.	8 partner's persona: i live with my parents.	9 partner's persona: my favorite movies are disney movies.
6 partner's persona: i m saving for college.	7 partner's persona: i like to surf every chance i get.	8 partner's persona: my favorite actor is robert deniro.	9 partner's persona: i love the snow.	10 partner's persona: i work graveyard in a hotel.
6 partner's persona: i have a few pet iguanas.	7 partner's persona: i am pretty poor financially.	8 partner's persona: i have a brother but we do not talk much yet.	9 partner's persona: i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.
6 partner's persona: whittling is my favorite hobby.	7 partner's persona: i am in the navy.	8 partner's persona: i listen to folk music.	9 partner's persona: i am an orphan who was in the foster care system.
6 partner's persona: i am incredibly smart.	7 partner's persona: i have no parents or siblings.	8 partner's persona: i always travel alone.	9 partner's persona: my favorite meal is steak.	10 partner's persona: i only sleep 3 hours a day.
6 partner's persona: i am tall.	7 partner's persona: i spend my free time volunteering at nursing homes.	8 partner's persona: i like to water ski.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
6 partner's persona: i hope to one day be a published author.	7 partner's persona: i work in a used book store.	8 partner's persona: i love art museums.	9 partner's persona: i write short stories in my free time.
6 partner's persona: i work in a warehouse.	7 partner's persona: i have a very tone body.	8 partner's persona: i have a collection of video games.	9 partner's persona: my son is a straight a student.
6 partner's persona: i am vegan.	7 partner's persona: i am leaving for college in three months.	8 partner's persona: my father is a mechanic.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is muse.
5 partner's persona: i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.	6 partner's persona: i am from austin , texas.	7 partner's persona: i like to cook new recipes.	8 partner's persona: i like every post i see on social media.
5 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	6 partner's persona: i have a cat named jasper.	7 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	8 partner's persona: i work as a barista.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
5 partner's persona: i usually go to bed late.	6 partner's persona: i like sports.	7 partner's persona: i am studying to be a dentist.	8 partner's persona: my favorite band is rise against.	9 partner's persona: my favorite team is the raptors.
6 partner's persona: i prefer winter.	7 partner's persona: i drive a van.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	9 partner's persona: i love the rain.
6 partner's persona: i have a big beard.	7 partner's persona: my hobbies include pillaging and fine dining.	8 partner's persona: i am a viking.	9 partner's persona: i like to go fishing on my viking boat.	10 partner's persona: its cold where i live.
5 partner's persona: i make 30k a year.	6 partner's persona: i like to watch tv.	7 partner's persona: i make cars for a living.	8 partner's persona: i like to sit on couch all day.	9 partner's persona: i love mac and cheese.
6 partner's persona: i like to shoot a bow.	7 partner's persona: my favorite holiday is halloween.	8 partner's persona: i like to remodel homes.	9 partner's persona: i like to go hunting.	10 partner's persona: i like to go shopping with my daughters.
5 partner's persona: i am allergic to shellfish and cats.	6 partner's persona: my mother has 500 pairs of shoes.	7 partner's persona: i like having my back scratched.	8 partner's persona: i have 1 pair of shoes.	9 partner's persona: i only eat at restaurants.
5 partner's persona: i am hoping to play basketball overseas.	6 partner's persona: i recently had knee surgery.	7 partner's persona: i am 7 foot tall.	8 partner's persona: i just graduated college.
5 partner's persona: my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad is a tax assessor.	6 partner's persona: my favorite book is anne of green gables.	7 partner's persona: i won a beauty pageant one time but did not feel like it was worth the effort.	8 partner's persona: i love owning nice office supplies.
6 partner's persona: i play video games all day.	7 partner's persona: i eat all take out.	8 partner's persona: i still live at home with my parents.	9 partner's persona: i do not want a job.
5 partner's persona: i smell like french fries.	6 partner's persona: i also eat too much french fries.	7 partner's persona: it was too small.	8 partner's persona: i just got a new sweater.
5 partner's persona: 1984 is my favorite book.	6 partner's persona: i am allergic to nuts.	7 partner's persona: i am working on a biology degree.	8 partner's persona: i am in college.	9 partner's persona: i love book.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is green.	7 partner's persona: my name is gerald.	8 partner's persona: i like basketball.	9 partner's persona: i work at mcdonald.	10 partner's persona: i like rock music.
5 partner's persona: i am from texas.	6 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	7 partner's persona: i love to bake.	8 partner's persona: my mother is a retired teacher.	9 partner's persona: i love to ride horses.
6 partner's persona: my newest car is a chevy.	7 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is read.	8 partner's persona: i live in california.	9 partner's persona: i work at a power plant.	10 partner's persona: i like to eat spaghetti.
5 partner's persona: i recently moved to florida.	6 partner's persona: i am a huge fan of jason mraz.	7 partner's persona: twilight is my favorite book series.	8 partner's persona: i want to find out what its like to eat grasshoppers.	9 partner's persona: i only surf when the tide is low.
6 partner's persona: my mom raised me by herself and taught me to play baseball.	7 partner's persona: i still love to line dry my clothes.	8 partner's persona: i will one day own a ferret.	9 partner's persona: i blog about salt water aquarium ownership.	10 partner's persona: i am allergic to peanuts.
5 partner's persona: i am a mother of two beautiful boys.	6 partner's persona: my family and i go camping every month.	7 partner's persona: my favorite artist is justin bieber.	8 partner's persona: i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.
6 partner's persona: i am a gentle giant.	7 partner's persona: i prefer reading to sports.	8 partner's persona: my family comes first to me.	9 partner's persona: i sometimes drive fast.	10 partner's persona: i have survived near death experiences.
5 partner's persona: i own an iphone.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is black.	7 partner's persona: i am writing a novel.	8 partner's persona: my favorite tv show is rick and morty.	9 partner's persona: i don t like pickles.
5 partner's persona: my major is business.	6 partner's persona: i am in college.	7 partner's persona: i love the beach.	8 partner's persona: i work part time at a pizza restaurant.
6 partner's persona: i like to cook.	7 partner's persona: i m scared of clowns.	8 partner's persona: i live on the third floor in an apartment.	9 partner's persona: i have two roomates.	10 partner's persona: i have two dogs.
6 partner's persona: i work with my wife.	7 partner's persona: my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.	8 partner's persona: i am a zookeeper.	9 partner's persona: my wife is a breast cancer survivor.
5 partner's persona: i drive a honda civic.	6 partner's persona: i love rock climbing.	7 partner's persona: i like long walks on the beach.	8 partner's persona: my favorite movie is django unchained.	9 partner's persona: i work at a retail store.
6 partner's persona: my parents were divorced.	7 partner's persona: i have broken my arm twice.	8 partner's persona: i am a widow.	9 partner's persona: i grew up with 6 siblings.	10 partner's persona: i am a very social person.
6 partner's persona: i live near a park.	7 partner's persona: i do not have a car.	8 partner's persona: i do not have any children.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is purple.
6 partner's persona: i am a librarian.	7 partner's persona: my favorite kind of food is italian.	8 partner's persona: i live in pittsburgh.	9 partner's persona: i love going to concerts.
5 partner's persona: i have two smartphones.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy reading.	7 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	8 partner's persona: my favorite movie is pretty woman.
6 partner's persona: i believe in karma.	7 partner's persona: i adopted all my dogs.	8 partner's persona: i love to read.	9 partner's persona: i ve never been on a date.	10 partner's persona: i once wrote a biography of my favorite actor.
5 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	6 partner's persona: i love animals.	7 partner's persona: i volunteer walking dogs twice a week.	8 partner's persona: i have an 18 year old son.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	6 partner's persona: i am studying for my master s.	7 partner's persona: cooking is one of my pass times.	8 partner's persona: i also like eating sushi.	9 partner's persona: i am a student in social sciences.
6 partner's persona: since my dog died i m incomplete.	7 partner's persona: i live in a house with a yard.	8 partner's persona: i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.	9 partner's persona: i m a mom with two sons and a husband.	10 partner's persona: my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.
5 partner's persona: i have freckles all over my face.	6 partner's persona: i work in construction.	7 partner's persona: i love to read romance novels.	8 partner's persona: i was in the army.
5 partner's persona: my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.	6 partner's persona: i have four siblings.	7 partner's persona: i am 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.	8 partner's persona: my youngest sister is in first grade.	9 partner's persona: i am the oldest sibling.
5 partner's persona: anyways i decided to give it a try and participated in an audition for a talent show.	6 partner's persona: i am a shy person but i love to sing.	7 partner's persona: i was accepted to participate.	8 partner's persona: my shyness made me panick and i did not show up.
5 partner's persona: i eat all take out.	6 partner's persona: i play video games all day.	7 partner's persona: i still live at home with my parents.	8 partner's persona: i do not want a job.
6 partner's persona: i am a night owl , but i am an introvert so i do not go out much or anything.	7 partner's persona: i own a pug , and he is the most loyal pet you will ever have.	8 partner's persona: i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.	9 partner's persona: i am a graduate student studying law.	10 partner's persona: i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.
5 partner's persona: i live near the ocean.	6 partner's persona: my favorite author is jane austen.	7 partner's persona: i eat a lot of fish.	8 partner's persona: i own a boat.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	6 partner's persona: i have two tattoos.	7 partner's persona: i have a cat named speckles.	8 partner's persona: i work in an office.
6 partner's persona: i have three kids.	7 partner's persona: i am a truck driver in the south.	8 partner's persona: i grew up in the trailer park.	9 partner's persona: i love hot wings.
5 partner's persona: i am 29 years old.	6 partner's persona: i live in a suburb of boston.	7 partner's persona: i am a night owl.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy hiking and riding my bicycle.
6 partner's persona: i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.	7 partner's persona: i am a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.	8 partner's persona: i would also like to study abroad in spain.	9 partner's persona: i am currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.
5 partner's persona: i am a mother of two daughters.	6 partner's persona: my ultimate dream , however , is to be a writer.	7 partner's persona: i have always enjoyed telling stories to people.	8 partner's persona: my husband died a few years ago , so i am raising them alone.	9 partner's persona: i work as a english teacher.
6 partner's persona: i am six feet tall.	7 partner's persona: my mom and dad are both red headed.	8 partner's persona: i tell bad jokes on purpose.	9 partner's persona: i wish i was a tiger.
6 partner's persona: i have two full sleeves of tattoos.	7 partner's persona: i am a 43 year old woman.	8 partner's persona: my hair is short and pink.	9 partner's persona: i love to travel.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is imagine dragons.	7 partner's persona: lately i ve been learning how to garden.	8 partner's persona: i m a musician with a day job.	9 partner's persona: i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.	10 partner's persona: i have a pond at home with a pet koi named spot.
6 partner's persona: i like rock music.	7 partner's persona: i have a black purse.	8 partner's persona: i like to wear black.	9 partner's persona: my favorite artist is guns and roses.
6 partner's persona: i volunteer at my local animal shelter.	7 partner's persona: i have been married for 20 years.	8 partner's persona: i love travelling and discovering new cultures.	9 partner's persona: i am a military veteran.
5 partner's persona: i am a deaf man.	6 partner's persona: i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.	7 partner's persona: i never learned how to drive.	8 partner's persona: my favorite number is 7.
5 partner's persona: i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody s.	6 partner's persona: there s only been one set of twins in my family.	7 partner's persona: i ve been cheated on by every ex girlfriend except for one.	8 partner's persona: my biggest fear in life is heights.
5 partner's persona: i dream of playing music for a living.	6 partner's persona: i am a student living at home while pursuing my music industry degree.	7 partner's persona: both my parents are creative.	8 partner's persona: mom in telecommunications.
6 partner's persona: i want to move.	7 partner's persona: i don t like feeling controlled.	8 partner's persona: i don t like my reputation.	9 partner's persona: i wish i could take back a mistake.	10 partner's persona: i have a harsh inner critic.
6 partner's persona: my favorite place is the mountains.	7 partner's persona: i like to play baseball.	8 partner's persona: i am a doctor.	9 partner's persona: i have 2 kids.
5 partner's persona: i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes.	6 partner's persona: i own a pug , and he s the most loyal pet you ll ever have.	7 partner's persona: i m a graduate student studying law.	8 partner's persona: i live in new york and i love the local shops around here.
6 partner's persona: i am allergic to seafood.	7 partner's persona: i drink hot chocolate during the winter.	8 partner's persona: my mother use to read me bed time stories.	9 partner's persona: i own a iphone 7.	10 partner's persona: my father worked 11 hours a day.
6 partner's persona: i am one of four children.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy going on hikes.	8 partner's persona: i have never traveled out of the country.	9 partner's persona: i was born under a blood moon.	10 partner's persona: i work some very odd jobs.
5 partner's persona: my grand children mean the world to me.	6 partner's persona: i was a wild child in my younger years.	7 partner's persona: i like classical music.	8 partner's persona: i am an avid quilter.	9 partner's persona: i am a pharmacist.
6 partner's persona: i live in a studio apartment.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is the beatles.	8 partner's persona: i am studying to become a nurse.	9 partner's persona: i have three sisters.	10 partner's persona: i am a paramedic.
5 partner's persona: i read a lot.	6 partner's persona: i draw comics.	7 partner's persona: i love role play.	8 partner's persona: i love anime.
5 partner's persona: i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.	6 partner's persona: i am training to be a welder.	7 partner's persona: i love riding roller coasters.	8 partner's persona: i am starting an internship at a construction site next week.
6 partner's persona: i coach the girl s volley ball team.	7 partner's persona: i m a sixth grade teacher.	8 partner's persona: i m allergic to apples yet still eat them.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy crosswords , crocheting , and football.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy karaoke every friday night.
6 partner's persona: i am a baseball player.	7 partner's persona: i can play the piano.	8 partner's persona: my favourite colour is green.	9 partner's persona: i like to read books about chinese history.	10 partner's persona: my dog is called alfred.
5 partner's persona: my favorite team is the washington nationals.	6 partner's persona: i work for a government agency.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	8 partner's persona: i like sports.	9 partner's persona: i prefer baseball over football.
5 partner's persona: my mother was a weightlifter.	6 partner's persona: i love money.	7 partner's persona: my feet smell.	8 partner's persona: i have blonde hair.
6 partner's persona: i live at home with my dad and brother.	7 partner's persona: i have a cat.	8 partner's persona: i work at home , editing.	9 partner's persona: i have depression and anxiety so i don t really go out a lot.	10 partner's persona: i hope to move out soon.
6 partner's persona: i hate my parents , but i love my job.	7 partner's persona: i train horses for a living.	8 partner's persona: i write in my spare time.	9 partner's persona: i wish i knew where i belonged.
6 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs and 2 cats.	7 partner's persona: i work as a vet.	8 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	9 partner's persona: i am a 30 year old female.	10 partner's persona: i like to ride my bike.
5 partner's persona: i live on a pig farm.	6 partner's persona: i wish that i lived in the city.	7 partner's persona: i have allergies.	8 partner's persona: i dislike animals.	9 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.
6 partner's persona: i loove zumba.	7 partner's persona: i like collectible dragon ball z figures.	8 partner's persona: i love huge paintings.	9 partner's persona: i like collecting rocks.	10 partner's persona: i love the smell of beans.
6 partner's persona: i graduated college for secondary english education.	7 partner's persona: i have three children.	8 partner's persona: i like to garden.	9 partner's persona: i live in the suburbs of a major city.
6 partner's persona: i hope to one day be happy with myself.	7 partner's persona: currently , i m saving up to get some procedures done.	8 partner's persona: i don t think my girlfriend understands.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.	10 partner's persona: i love her though.
5 partner's persona: i like to read.	6 partner's persona: i love the game halo.	7 partner's persona: i work for a magazine.	8 partner's persona: yellow is my favorite color.	9 partner's persona: i love to workout.
5 partner's persona: i work as a construction worker during the summers.	6 partner's persona: i am a college student.	7 partner's persona: i love to travel.	8 partner's persona: my parents are divorced.	9 partner's persona: my favourite food is ice cream.
6 partner's persona: i love to vacation in paris.	7 partner's persona: i like to go to the opera.	8 partner's persona: i am six feet tall.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy classical music.	10 partner's persona: my favorite auto is a bentley.
6 partner's persona: i work for the discovery channel creating videos.	7 partner's persona: i have no technological skills.	8 partner's persona: i am stuck in the past due to remoteness.	9 partner's persona: i love the outdoors.
5 partner's persona: i could move out , but she doesn t want me to.	6 partner's persona: i larp on the weekends in the forest.	7 partner's persona: i miss my dad.	8 partner's persona: there i m a general of an orcish army.
6 partner's persona: i kayak at the lake on weekends.	7 partner's persona: i am studying to be a special education teacher.	8 partner's persona: i was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years.	9 partner's persona: i make friends fast and say goodbye fast.	10 partner's persona: i chew my nails.
5 partner's persona: i help my neighbor.	6 partner's persona: i live in a city.	7 partner's persona: i likw to go to the farmers markets to buy local veggies and fruits.	8 partner's persona: i have a dog and we go for walks.	9 partner's persona: i am a grandmother.
6 partner's persona: i walk three miles home every night.	7 partner's persona: i m looking for krav maga classes near my home.	8 partner's persona: my favorite mortal kombat character is mileena.	9 partner's persona: i always wear something purple.
5 partner's persona: i find joy in the littlest things.	6 partner's persona: i refuse to ride the bus.	7 partner's persona: i never work more than 4 days in a row.	8 partner's persona: my parents are both dead.	9 partner's persona: i listen to music for more than 5 hours a day.
6 partner's persona: i have a french bulldog.	7 partner's persona: i play bass.	8 partner's persona: i want to be a journalist but instead i sell washers at sears.	9 partner's persona: i love the band red hot chili peppers.	10 partner's persona: my feet are size six women s.
5 partner's persona: i want to move to london when i get older.	6 partner's persona: i like to invest in the stock market.	7 partner's persona: i have 3 brothers.	8 partner's persona: i love soccer.
6 partner's persona: i have a collection of video games.	7 partner's persona: i work in a warehouse.	8 partner's persona: my son is a straight a student.	9 partner's persona: i have a very tone body.
6 partner's persona: i eat lots of pancakes and syrup.	7 partner's persona: i am a lumberjack.	8 partner's persona: i cut down trees very fast , because i have a large ax.	9 partner's persona: i love to fish.	10 partner's persona: i love to cut down trees.
6 partner's persona: i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.	7 partner's persona: i dropped out of college a month ago.	8 partner's persona: some call me a hopeless romantic.	9 partner's persona: i wear my heart on my sleeve.
6 partner's persona: i m a college student.	7 partner's persona: i like action movies.	8 partner's persona: my father is a doctor.	9 partner's persona: i drive a restored mustang.	10 partner's persona: i play football.
6 partner's persona: i studied early childhood education in college.	7 partner's persona: i have a puppy named tiki.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is spicy tex mex.	9 partner's persona: i am a kindergarten teacher.
6 partner's persona: i prefer summer.	7 partner's persona: i love butterflies.	8 partner's persona: i do not like dresses.	9 partner's persona: my favorite hero is flash.
6 partner's persona: i can knit.	7 partner's persona: i work as a tutor for english literature.	8 partner's persona: my sister is a guitarist.	9 partner's persona: i like going barefoot.
6 partner's persona: i have purple hair.	7 partner's persona: i have 2 turtles.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	9 partner's persona: my favorite movie is gone with the wind.
5 partner's persona: my dad is journalist for the new york times.	6 partner's persona: i live in texas.	7 partner's persona: i was born premature.	8 partner's persona: i have one older sister named mary.
5 partner's persona: i have a parakeet.	6 partner's persona: i have 3 roommates.	7 partner's persona: i love gummy bears.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.
5 partner's persona: i like to draw other people.	6 partner's persona: i like to drink tea.	7 partner's persona: i like to mountain bike.	8 partner's persona: i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
5 partner's persona: i have a puppy named tiki.	6 partner's persona: my favorite food is spicy tex mex.	7 partner's persona: i studied early childhood education in college.	8 partner's persona: i am a kindergarten teacher.
6 partner's persona: my family comes first to me.	7 partner's persona: i sometimes drive fast.	8 partner's persona: i am a gentle giant.	9 partner's persona: i prefer reading to sports.
6 partner's persona: i could move out , but she does not want me to.	7 partner's persona: i lamp on the weekends in the forest.	8 partner's persona: there i am a general of an oris army.	9 partner's persona: in reality i am 32 and live at home with my mother.
6 partner's persona: i listen to metal music.	7 partner's persona: i wear a lot of leather.	8 partner's persona: i have boots i always wear.	9 partner's persona: i have black spiky hair.
5 partner's persona: i like cartoons more than movies.	6 partner's persona: my mother met elvis.	7 partner's persona: i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.	8 partner's persona: i like to listen to someone else reading a book.
6 partner's persona: i do yoga three times a week.	7 partner's persona: i live in chicago.	8 partner's persona: i am married with 2 kids.	9 partner's persona: i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.	10 partner's persona: i am a high school teacher.
5 partner's persona: i play drums in a band.	6 partner's persona: i am 25 years old and live with my parents.	7 partner's persona: i have a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.	8 partner's persona: i drive a ford mustang.
6 partner's persona: my college courses are on philosophy and history.	7 partner's persona: i ride my bike to class since it s only a mile away.	8 partner's persona: my newly bought laptop has a bum battery.	9 partner's persona: my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy eating italian food.	7 partner's persona: i am east asian.	8 partner's persona: pizza is my favorite.	9 partner's persona: i try to watch what i eat.	10 partner's persona: my name is tom.
5 partner's persona: i go to high school.	6 partner's persona: i live in the united states.	7 partner's persona: i play ice hockey.	8 partner's persona: math is my favorite subject.	9 partner's persona: i am a boy.
6 partner's persona: i have trouble feeling emotion.	7 partner's persona: my parents are distant.	8 partner's persona: sometimes i wish i did not have to wake up in the morning.	9 partner's persona: i have an older brother that has gotten into trouble.
5 partner's persona: i like to listen to rap music.	6 partner's persona: i drive a fast car.	7 partner's persona: my favorite artist is 2pac.	8 partner's persona: my car is black.	9 partner's persona: my favorite song is california love.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is yellow.	7 partner's persona: when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.	8 partner's persona: i am a wedding planner.	9 partner's persona: i love 80s music.	10 partner's persona: i am fascinated with ghosts.
6 partner's persona: my parents are lawyers.	7 partner's persona: i do not like wearing a swimsuit.	8 partner's persona: winter is my favorite season.	9 partner's persona: if i cannot order it on the internet , i do not need it.
6 partner's persona: i m a simple man.	7 partner's persona: i usually catch sunfish.	8 partner's persona: i drink beers and go to the creek.	9 partner's persona: i like fishing.
6 partner's persona: i am from california.	7 partner's persona: i like to shop at goodwill.	8 partner's persona: i like to be outdoors.	9 partner's persona: i think recycling is important.	10 partner's persona: i am a student.
6 partner's persona: i have really long fingernails.	7 partner's persona: i own a hot pink moped.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.	9 partner's persona: i hate wearing make up.	10 partner's persona: i m in a rock band.
5 partner's persona: i played in a band for 17 years.	6 partner's persona: i own my own music store.	7 partner's persona: my mother and father are both in the church choir.	8 partner's persona: i am an animal rights activist.	9 partner's persona: i hope to retire to florida.
6 partner's persona: i am married with kids.	7 partner's persona: i hate running.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy watching baseball.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.	10 partner's persona: i have 2 cats and a dog.
6 partner's persona: i am incredibly smart.	7 partner's persona: i always travel alone.	8 partner's persona: i have no parents or siblings.	9 partner's persona: i only sleep 3 hours a day.
5 partner's persona: i make 35 million a year.	6 partner's persona: i play for the washington wizards.	7 partner's persona: i am a professional basketball player.	8 partner's persona: i went to college in maryland.
6 partner's persona: i am a secretary.	7 partner's persona: i like tacos.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.	9 partner's persona: i have 3 cats.
5 partner's persona: i am trying to build my online business.	6 partner's persona: i practice yoga daily.	7 partner's persona: i have a marketing job.	8 partner's persona: i also meditate a lot.	9 partner's persona: i am a vegan.
6 partner's persona: i have went to mexico 4 times this year.	7 partner's persona: i hate mexican food.	8 partner's persona: i like to ski.	9 partner's persona: i like to eat cheetos.	10 partner's persona: my wife does not like me anymore.
4 partner's persona: i have three kids.	5 partner's persona: i sing in the church choir.	6 partner's persona: i am a truck driver in the south.
6 partner's persona: winter is my favorite season.	7 partner's persona: i don t like wearing a swimsuit.	8 partner's persona: my parents are lawyers.	9 partner's persona: if i can t order it on the internet , i don t need it.
6 partner's persona: i like basketball.	7 partner's persona: i work many hours.	8 partner's persona: my favorite band is imagine dragons.	9 partner's persona: i m from texas.
6 partner's persona: i like to skate.	7 partner's persona: i sometimes write poetry.	8 partner's persona: i sing in a punk band.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is black.	10 partner's persona: i want to visit the uk.
6 partner's persona: i like to play with clay models.	7 partner's persona: i am not a good artist.	8 partner's persona: i want to climb mount everest.	9 partner's persona: i have shot a lion.	10 partner's persona: i cry when i watch gone with the wind.
5 partner's persona: i just bought new hoop earrings.	6 partner's persona: i love nighttime.	7 partner's persona: i am an artist.	8 partner's persona: i have a cat named charlie.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.
6 partner's persona: i like to do crafts.	7 partner's persona: i like all types of music.	8 partner's persona: i am a mother of 5.	9 partner's persona: i like to draw.
6 partner's persona: i am married.	7 partner's persona: i am a older gentlemen.	8 partner's persona: i love to travel.	9 partner's persona: i have a passion for god.
6 partner's persona: i am an artist.	7 partner's persona: i have four children.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy walking for exercise.	9 partner's persona: i love watching game of thrones.
6 partner's persona: i love food.	7 partner's persona: i prefer summer over winter.	8 partner's persona: i graduated college a few years ago.	9 partner's persona: i was born outside the us.	10 partner's persona: i ve a big family.
6 partner's persona: if things aren t done right i ll redo them again and again.	7 partner's persona: i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.	8 partner's persona: i work too much.	9 partner's persona: i m a perfectionist.
6 partner's persona: my name is kevin.	7 partner's persona: i am a student in college.	8 partner's persona: i am studying software development.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy working out and learning new things.	10 partner's persona: i play the guitar.
5 partner's persona: i am gong to adopt a dog very soon.	6 partner's persona: i have played since i was 4 years old.	7 partner's persona: i recently discovered a new love for indian food.	8 partner's persona: i am a violinist.
6 partner's persona: i like watching tv and movies.	7 partner's persona: my dad died when i was in high school.	8 partner's persona: my favorite type of music is metal.	9 partner's persona: i work in commercials.	10 partner's persona: i have a lot of allergies.
5 partner's persona: i won the spelling bee in third grade.	6 partner's persona: i smoke a pipe.	7 partner's persona: i own a bar in downtown chicago.	8 partner's persona: i love to eat eggplant.	9 partner's persona: i ve been married five times.
6 partner's persona: i like classic radio programs.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy fishing.	8 partner's persona: i love my impala.	9 partner's persona: summer is my favorite season.	10 partner's persona: i love decorating for christmas.
5 partner's persona: i have an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.	6 partner's persona: i only eat organic food.	7 partner's persona: i collect comic books.	8 partner's persona: i own two snakes.	9 partner's persona: i am allergic to dust.
6 partner's persona: i like fantasizing.	7 partner's persona: i like getting packages in the mail.	8 partner's persona: i have a daughter.	9 partner's persona: i wish magic was real.
6 partner's persona: i have been to 7 countries in europe and 3 countries in asia.	7 partner's persona: i am a financial analyst for a brewery.	8 partner's persona: i have tried 35 different types of beer in my lifetime.	9 partner's persona: i like to go to the casino on weekends.	10 partner's persona: i have been married for 6 years.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	7 partner's persona: i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.	8 partner's persona: i do yoga on tuesdays.	9 partner's persona: i work five days a week.
5 partner's persona: i play the guitar.	6 partner's persona: i like to go for runs.	7 partner's persona: i have a dog and two cats.	8 partner's persona: i live by myself.	9 partner's persona: i like country music.
6 partner's persona: my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.	7 partner's persona: before i die , i want to skydive.	8 partner's persona: i start an internship in engineering later this year.	9 partner's persona: i am a famous video game character online.
5 partner's persona: i speak fluent italian.	6 partner's persona: i have one blue eye and one hazel eye.	7 partner's persona: my mom is an osteopath.	8 partner's persona: i am a cat owner.
5 partner's persona: i wish i could play the stock market well.	6 partner's persona: i try to find easy ways to make money.	7 partner's persona: i really enjoy reading the news.	8 partner's persona: i love new technology.
5 partner's persona: i sing barbershop and rap.	6 partner's persona: i love to take naps.	7 partner's persona: i love watching basketball.	8 partner's persona: my eyes are blue.	9 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
6 partner's persona: my hair is short and pink.	7 partner's persona: i love to travel.	8 partner's persona: i work as a freight truck driver.	9 partner's persona: i have two full sleeves of tattoos.	10 partner's persona: i am a 43 year old woman.
5 partner's persona: i love my girlfriend.	6 partner's persona: i dyed my hair pink.	7 partner's persona: i have an older brother.	8 partner's persona: i live in the city.	9 partner's persona: i work in a bookstore.
5 partner's persona: i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.	6 partner's persona: i cannot get enough of rap music , its so good.	7 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is sleep.	8 partner's persona: i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.	9 partner's persona: i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
6 partner's persona: i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.	7 partner's persona: i like cats.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy all things my little pony.	9 partner's persona: i like being weird.	10 partner's persona: i like to watch anime.
6 partner's persona: i am married with one child.	7 partner's persona: i pay my employees minimum wage.	8 partner's persona: i barely show up to work.	9 partner's persona: i own my company.	10 partner's persona: i make ask a year.
5 partner's persona: i am a hindu living in louisiana.	6 partner's persona: i am in my second year of medical school.	7 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is watch old movies.	8 partner's persona: my mom is the best baker in my family.
6 partner's persona: i love to skate and ski.	7 partner's persona: my car has to be as fast as my motorcycle.	8 partner's persona: i love the smell of leather.	9 partner's persona: i own 30 pairs of shoes.	10 partner's persona: i have 4 cats and 2 dogs.
6 partner's persona: i love laughing.	7 partner's persona: i like to bake brownies.	8 partner's persona: i have freckles.	9 partner's persona: my best friend is from tanzania.	10 partner's persona: i love wearing flip flops.
6 partner's persona: my father was also in the military.	7 partner's persona: i m a veteran.	8 partner's persona: i love my girlfriend.	9 partner's persona: i m going to school to get my bachelor s degree.	10 partner's persona: i eat a lot of meat.
5 partner's persona: my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.	6 partner's persona: i work in a coffee shop.	7 partner's persona: my parents live across the street from me.	8 partner's persona: i love to read true crime books.
6 partner's persona: i like taking pictures.	7 partner's persona: i want to be a famous photographer.	8 partner's persona: i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.	9 partner's persona: i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.
6 partner's persona: i moved out when i was 14.	7 partner's persona: i like cartoons more than movies.	8 partner's persona: my mother met elvis.	9 partner's persona: i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
6 partner's persona: i am a professional horse racing handicapper.	7 partner's persona: i have not been on a date since high school.	8 partner's persona: i have made over 90 , 000 on trifecta bets alone this year.	9 partner's persona: i am trying to open my own teaching program for horse racing.
6 partner's persona: i play the guitar.	7 partner's persona: my father recently had a heart attack.	8 partner's persona: i write short films.	9 partner's persona: i am a lesbian.
5 partner's persona: i want to feel pretty.	6 partner's persona: i want to be desired.	7 partner's persona: i like to eat.	8 partner's persona: i feel overweight.
5 partner's persona: i have horrible allergies.	6 partner's persona: when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.	7 partner's persona: i can t stand clutter or dust.	8 partner's persona: i spend an hour getting ready in the morning.
6 partner's persona: i am east asian.	7 partner's persona: pizza is my favorite.	8 partner's persona: i try to watch what i eat.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy eating italian food.
6 partner's persona: i refuse to ride the bus.	7 partner's persona: my parents are both dead.	8 partner's persona: i find joy in the littlest things.	9 partner's persona: i listen to music for more than 5 hours a day.	10 partner's persona: i never work more than 4 days in a row.
6 partner's persona: i am a member of the ymca.	7 partner's persona: i am allergic to cats.	8 partner's persona: i love scary movies.	9 partner's persona: i keep my hair cut very short.	10 partner's persona: i am learning to play the piano.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy movies about aliens invading the earth.	6 partner's persona: i just dyed my hair hot pink with purple highlights.	7 partner's persona: sometimes , i have sword fights with strangers in the park.	8 partner's persona: not a day goes by that i do not drink four mountain dews.
6 partner's persona: i started learning japanese at college.	7 partner's persona: our class is planning a trip to japan.	8 partner's persona: i hope to save enough money for it.	9 partner's persona: i like to watch japanese cartoons anime in my free time.
5 partner's persona: my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.	6 partner's persona: i m in grad school.	7 partner's persona: my parents live across the street from me.	8 partner's persona: i work in a coffee shop.	9 partner's persona: i love to read true crime books.
6 partner's persona: i am a girl.	7 partner's persona: my favorite song is barbie girl.	8 partner's persona: my name is nancy.	9 partner's persona: i am an only child.
6 partner's persona: i used to fly planes for a living.	7 partner's persona: i grew up in nevada.	8 partner's persona: i like dogs.	9 partner's persona: i now live in new mexico.	10 partner's persona: i am an orphan.
5 partner's persona: i do not talk a lot.	6 partner's persona: i love to listen to religious music.	7 partner's persona: i like playing basketball.	8 partner's persona: i am a middle aged woman.	9 partner's persona: i love my family.
6 partner's persona: i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.	7 partner's persona: sometimes i listen to gary numan to be ironic.	8 partner's persona: i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.	9 partner's persona: i like chasing komodo lizards on a private island.	10 partner's persona: going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.
6 partner's persona: i am highly educated.	7 partner's persona: i am a carnivore.	8 partner's persona: my father used to be a butcher.	9 partner's persona: my only friend is a dog.
5 partner's persona: i love comics.	6 partner's persona: i ve started creating my own comics and presenting them to publishers.	7 partner's persona: i ve been rejected several times and thought of giving up with this.	8 partner's persona: and also love drawing.	9 partner's persona: i decided to publish my creations on internet.
6 partner's persona: i love pasta.	7 partner's persona: i love to swim.	8 partner's persona: my favorite singer is britney spears.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy being outside.
6 partner's persona: i have a nice smile.	7 partner's persona: i love to exercise.	8 partner's persona: many people want to be my friend.	9 partner's persona: i like makeup.
5 partner's persona: i believe that i can achieve anything.	6 partner's persona: i watch jimmy allons show every night.	7 partner's persona: i love to gossip.	8 partner's persona: i have never kissed a woman.
5 partner's persona: i work as a teacher and love my job.	6 partner's persona: i have two dogs who are like my babies.	7 partner's persona: i am a mother.	8 partner's persona: one child has autism.
6 partner's persona: i didn t pass the audition , but i ll keep trying.	7 partner's persona: i think i have talent for it.	8 partner's persona: i auditionated in a cooking show.	9 partner's persona: i took classes while growing up.
5 partner's persona: my suspenders sometimes make my shoulders hurt.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy playing retro video games on my 386.	7 partner's persona: i have ink stains on all my shirts.	8 partner's persona: my cats name is leroy jenkins.	9 partner's persona: i wish i had a real dragon i could train.
6 partner's persona: i live in the city of grand rapids , michigan.	7 partner's persona: i have pink hair.	8 partner's persona: i am allergic to bees.	9 partner's persona: i work at the hospital as a nurse.	10 partner's persona: i am the youngest of five.
6 partner's persona: i am a volunteer firefighter.	7 partner's persona: i am still living at home at age 30.	8 partner's persona: i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.	9 partner's persona: i am colorblind.
5 partner's persona: i have lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.	6 partner's persona: i wish i could be more serious about school.	7 partner's persona: i have been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.	8 partner's persona: i am very athletic.
5 partner's persona: i have two tattoos.	6 partner's persona: i have curly , red hair.	7 partner's persona: i drive a large , blue van.	8 partner's persona: i love to recycle.	9 partner's persona: i am a hippie.
5 partner's persona: i am a student.	6 partner's persona: i like pasta.	7 partner's persona: i like cookies.	8 partner's persona: i like painting , i can cook well.	9 partner's persona: i also like ice cream.
5 partner's persona: my favorite beer is coors.	6 partner's persona: i love to play basketball.	7 partner's persona: my wife is a hairdresser.	8 partner's persona: i work in car sales.
5 partner's persona: i like watching sports.	6 partner's persona: ferrari is my favorite car company.	7 partner's persona: i work out daily.	8 partner's persona: i own many cars.	9 partner's persona: basketball is my favorite sport to watch.
5 partner's persona: i work as an electrician.	6 partner's persona: i go running a lot.	7 partner's persona: i love hamburgers.	8 partner's persona: i hate winter.	9 partner's persona: i always sleep 8 hours a day.
5 partner's persona: i have 3 ferrari cars in my garage.	6 partner's persona: i don t like kids.	7 partner's persona: i don t like acting.	8 partner's persona: i have 3 ex wives.
5 partner's persona: my best friend lives in japan.	6 partner's persona: i live in new york.	7 partner's persona: i am a dog walker.	8 partner's persona: i have never traveled outside of the united states.
5 partner's persona: i ride horses.	6 partner's persona: i have many homes.	7 partner's persona: i collect vintage cars.	8 partner's persona: i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.
6 partner's persona: i m a perfectionist.	7 partner's persona: i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.	8 partner's persona: i think i need a vacation.	9 partner's persona: i work too much.	10 partner's persona: if things aren t done right i ll redo them again and again.
6 partner's persona: i have epilepsy.	7 partner's persona: i have one son.	8 partner's persona: i like to go swimming.	9 partner's persona: i like to read.	10 partner's persona: my parents are not married anymore.
6 partner's persona: i am a fisherman.	7 partner's persona: i love tuna.	8 partner's persona: i live in cape hatteras.	9 partner's persona: i m going riding on my boat today.	10 partner's persona: my favorite is rock fish.
6 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	7 partner's persona: i love to bake.	8 partner's persona: i am from texas.	9 partner's persona: my mother is a retired teacher.
5 partner's persona: i am a mechanic.	6 partner's persona: i own a corvette.	7 partner's persona: i live in california.	8 partner's persona: i own a german shepard.	9 partner's persona: i like to surf.
6 partner's persona: i work at a daycare.	7 partner's persona: my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.	8 partner's persona: i have been in a relationship for 2 years.	9 partner's persona: i am a college student.
6 partner's persona: i ve an iphone.	7 partner's persona: i travel often.	8 partner's persona: i live with my parents.	9 partner's persona: i prefer headsets over earbuds.	10 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.
6 partner's persona: my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.	7 partner's persona: i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.	8 partner's persona: i m a receptionist at a doctors office.	9 partner's persona: my name is mary.	10 partner's persona: i m also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy being outside.	6 partner's persona: i love to swim.	7 partner's persona: i love the color pink.	8 partner's persona: my favorite singer is britney spears.
5 partner's persona: i live walking distance from work.	6 partner's persona: i work in finance.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy playing soccer.	8 partner's persona: i rent an apartment.
6 partner's persona: i have a job as an it agent.	7 partner's persona: my dad works for stifle.	8 partner's persona: i love rap music.	9 partner's persona: i am a meataholic.
6 partner's persona: i love huge paintings.	7 partner's persona: i loove zumba.	8 partner's persona: i love the smell of beans.	9 partner's persona: i like collectible dragon ball z figures.	10 partner's persona: i like collecting rocks.
5 partner's persona: i am a musician.	6 partner's persona: i like to write my own songs.	7 partner's persona: my best friend is in a band with me.	8 partner's persona: i wish i could spend more time at home.	9 partner's persona: i have taken formal music lessons since i was 5.
6 partner's persona: i love to tell jokes.	7 partner's persona: i hope to change the world.	8 partner's persona: i am always early to everything.	9 partner's persona: i work in a factory.
4 partner's persona: i own my company.	5 partner's persona: i barely show up to work.	6 partner's persona: i make ask a year.	7 partner's persona: i am married with one child.	8 partner's persona: i pay my employees minimum wage.
5 partner's persona: i overcame urinary cancer at age 18.	6 partner's persona: i am a huge fan of classical jazz.	7 partner's persona: i am trying to become a male model in hollywood.	8 partner's persona: i am on a low carb diet.
6 partner's persona: my favorite singer is britney spears.	7 partner's persona: i love the color pink.	8 partner's persona: i love to swim.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy being outside.
6 partner's persona: i work part time at a pizza restaurant.	7 partner's persona: my major is business.	8 partner's persona: i love the beach.	9 partner's persona: i like to party.	10 partner's persona: i am in college.
5 partner's persona: i am a mother of three.	6 partner's persona: i love to eat pita bread with hummus.	7 partner's persona: i am bipolar.	8 partner's persona: i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
6 partner's persona: i have a ten year old son.	7 partner's persona: i hope to become a music teacher after retirement.	8 partner's persona: i play piano.	9 partner's persona: i am doing financial business now.	10 partner's persona: i graduated high school in 1986.
5 partner's persona: i have been married eight years.	6 partner's persona: i am on a diet.	7 partner's persona: i can t drive.	8 partner's persona: i am a house wife.
6 partner's persona: i am a girl who loves sports cars and video games.	7 partner's persona: i am a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.	8 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is research race cars in my free time.	9 partner's persona: i only have three best friends.
6 partner's persona: my favorite video game is halo 3.	7 partner's persona: i like to take cold showers.	8 partner's persona: i struggle with maintaining eye contact.	9 partner's persona: i sing in the shower.	10 partner's persona: i drive a moped.
5 partner's persona: i wear dingy clothes.	6 partner's persona: i am a weirdo.	7 partner's persona: i have blue and orange hair.	8 partner's persona: i ride a skateboard.
5 partner's persona: i drive a prius.	6 partner's persona: my wife stays home with our kids.	7 partner's persona: i work for a large law firm.	8 partner's persona: we own our home.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	6 partner's persona: my favorite food is a burger.	7 partner's persona: i work as an accountant.	8 partner's persona: i like to play tennis.
5 partner's persona: my job involves building drones.	6 partner's persona: i go to multiple comic cons.	7 partner's persona: i listen to techno music , exclusively.	8 partner's persona: my wardrobe is all band tees.
6 partner's persona: i am buying a house.	7 partner's persona: i am single.	8 partner's persona: i play the piano.	9 partner's persona: i paddle board on my days off.
5 partner's persona: i like ford cars.	6 partner's persona: i also like ford trucks.	7 partner's persona: i have a ford f150.	8 partner's persona: i own a ford truck.	9 partner's persona: my truck is black.
5 partner's persona: i am a female.	6 partner's persona: i hate tomatoes.	7 partner's persona: i have 2 kids.	8 partner's persona: i am very short.	9 partner's persona: i need a wheel chair to get around.
5 partner's persona: i like to go on walks.	6 partner's persona: i have 2 cats.	7 partner's persona: i like to bake.	8 partner's persona: i am from mexico.
6 partner's persona: i have driven a race car before.	7 partner's persona: i do whatever it takes to get what i want.	8 partner's persona: i have a bad habit of being dishonest.	9 partner's persona: i sometimes get into fights.	10 partner's persona: i would like to try sky diving.
6 partner's persona: i am a student.	7 partner's persona: i have an internship at a computer company.	8 partner's persona: i like to go fishing.	9 partner's persona: my mom is a lawyer.
6 partner's persona: i can do convincing bird calls.	7 partner's persona: i do volunteer work for human rights organizations.	8 partner's persona: i like to make my own clothes.	9 partner's persona: i can recite the movie young frankenstein word for word.
5 partner's persona: i love her though.	6 partner's persona: currently , i am saving up to get some procedures done.	7 partner's persona: i do not think my girlfriend understands.	8 partner's persona: i hope to one day be happy with myself.
5 partner's persona: i am a 1st grade teacher.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is purple.	7 partner's persona: i have a 3 year old.	8 partner's persona: i go to church on sunday.
5 partner's persona: i live in toronto , canada.	6 partner's persona: my mom and dad are from japan.	7 partner's persona: i am an elementary school teacher.	8 partner's persona: i love to shop.
5 partner's persona: my favorite tv shows are forensic files and jeopardy.	6 partner's persona: my favorite food is anything italian.	7 partner's persona: my favorite book that i ve read lately is middlesex.	8 partner's persona: i love most music except country and jazz.	9 partner's persona: i am a gym rat that loves to play racquetball.
6 partner's persona: i live in the suburbs of a major city.	7 partner's persona: i have three children.	8 partner's persona: i graduated college for secondary english education.	9 partner's persona: i like to garden.	10 partner's persona: i am a teacher.
5 partner's persona: we are getting married in a park.	6 partner's persona: my dog is the ring bearer.	7 partner's persona: i am getting married next week.	8 partner's persona: we will be traveling to niagra falls for our honeymoon.	9 partner's persona: my family hates my fianc.
6 partner's persona: i play football.	7 partner's persona: my favorite movie is star wars.	8 partner's persona: i work at mcdonald s.	9 partner's persona: i like to play video games.	10 partner's persona: i have a pet iguana.
6 partner's persona: one of my favorite hobbies is gaming.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is green.	8 partner's persona: i currently work in an office job.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy running.
6 partner's persona: i help around with bookkeeping and tours.	7 partner's persona: i am vegan.	8 partner's persona: sometimes i volunteer at an urban farm.	9 partner's persona: i work at the grocery store.	10 partner's persona: i decided to become vegan a year ago.
6 partner's persona: i m a really , really good guitar player.	7 partner's persona: my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.	8 partner's persona: my girlfriend tells me she s going to leave me almost every day.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy john grisham movies , but not his books.	10 partner's persona: i don t like wearing pants when i don t have to.
5 partner's persona: i am a middle aged woman.	6 partner's persona: i love my family.	7 partner's persona: i don t talk a lot.	8 partner's persona: i like playing basketball.	9 partner's persona: i love to listen to religious music.
6 partner's persona: my name is sarah.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.	8 partner's persona: i teach 5th grade students near oakville , ny.	9 partner's persona: i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
6 partner's persona: my clients are gamblers.	7 partner's persona: i give out sports information.	8 partner's persona: i help them win a lot of money.	9 partner's persona: i have a consulting firm.	10 partner's persona: i am a small business owner.
6 partner's persona: my favorite season is spring.	7 partner's persona: i have blue eyes.	8 partner's persona: i hate to lose.	9 partner's persona: i love fishing.
6 partner's persona: i am still in love with my ex boyfriend.	7 partner's persona: i am a female and love to be surrounded by males.	8 partner's persona: people say i have a cute laugh.	9 partner's persona: i working in a publishing building.	10 partner's persona: i love to cook for my family and friends.
6 partner's persona: i like to eat food.	7 partner's persona: i work for a large company.	8 partner's persona: i listen to rock music.	9 partner's persona: i drive a fast car.
5 partner's persona: i sing in the church choir.	6 partner's persona: i grew up in the trailer park.	7 partner's persona: i love hot wings.	8 partner's persona: i m a truck driver in the south.	9 partner's persona: i have three kids.
6 partner's persona: i think i ll be famous one day.	7 partner's persona: i like to dress up for other people.	8 partner's persona: i never cook.	9 partner's persona: i m an actress and i work at a grocery store.
6 partner's persona: i like watching the walking dead.	7 partner's persona: i like reading a lot.	8 partner's persona: my favorite books are the harry potter books.	9 partner's persona: i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.	10 partner's persona: i practice vegetarianism.
6 partner's persona: i like chasing komodo lizards on a private island.	7 partner's persona: going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.	8 partner's persona: i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.	9 partner's persona: sometimes i listen to gary numan to be ironic.
5 partner's persona: i am an old soul.	6 partner's persona: my back hurts chronically.	7 partner's persona: i just want my voice to be heard.	8 partner's persona: i am passionate about a lot of things.	9 partner's persona: i tend to work myself up.
5 partner's persona: i can t do math.	6 partner's persona: it was too small.	7 partner's persona: i just got a new sweater.	8 partner's persona: i smell like french fries.	9 partner's persona: i also eat too much french fries.
5 partner's persona: my favorite musician in charlie daniels.	6 partner's persona: i am from tennessee.	7 partner's persona: i am married.	8 partner's persona: i love to fish.
5 partner's persona: i do not have a good social life.	6 partner's persona: i am a night owl.	7 partner's persona: i eat mainly chinese food.	8 partner's persona: i make robots for a living.
6 partner's persona: i want to become an author.	7 partner's persona: i m currently unemployed so i have time to write.	8 partner's persona: after finishing my career i discovered that i m not that pasionate about it.	9 partner's persona: i m a profesional translator.	10 partner's persona: i m writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
5 partner's persona: i live in a large home.	6 partner's persona: i am a doctor.	7 partner's persona: boating is my favorite activity.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy vacations at the beach.	9 partner's persona: i work for a large hospital.
6 partner's persona: i go to high school.	7 partner's persona: i am a boy.	8 partner's persona: math is my favorite subject.	9 partner's persona: i play ice hockey.
6 partner's persona: i spend too much time shopping.	7 partner's persona: i drive a ford taurus.	8 partner's persona: i love katy perry.	9 partner's persona: i work in retail.
5 partner's persona: i like collecting rocks.	6 partner's persona: i love huge paintings.	7 partner's persona: i like collectible dragon ball z figures.	8 partner's persona: i loove zumba.
6 partner's persona: i love to listen to frank sinatra.	7 partner's persona: i love to eat cheese.	8 partner's persona: i am a older lady.	9 partner's persona: i like to cook stews.
6 partner's persona: i like early 2000s indie music.	7 partner's persona: my temper is pretty short.	8 partner's persona: i love my pet dog more than anything.	9 partner's persona: i am picky when it comes to food.	10 partner's persona: i would like to be a teacher in the future.
5 partner's persona: i am dating my boss.	6 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a daisy.	7 partner's persona: i work at a real estate office.	8 partner's persona: i love to sing.
6 partner's persona: i own a cat.	7 partner's persona: i talk in my sleep.	8 partner's persona: i love folk metal.	9 partner's persona: i like tacos.
5 partner's persona: i was born in baton rouge.	6 partner's persona: i have male pattern baldness.	7 partner's persona: i am a classily trained chef.	8 partner's persona: i have a parrot named parrot.	9 partner's persona: my mother does not ! ove me.
6 partner's persona: i m always looking for wildlife when i m outside.	7 partner's persona: i visit animal shelters fairly often.	8 partner's persona: i get along better with animals than people.	9 partner's persona: i have several different breeds of pets.
6 partner's persona: i live in portland , maine.	7 partner's persona: i am an environmental engineer.	8 partner's persona: i like to take photos.	9 partner's persona: i love to hike.	10 partner's persona: i live alone.
5 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	6 partner's persona: i wait tables.	7 partner's persona: i have a little girl.	8 partner's persona: i am taking online classes.
5 partner's persona: my favorite is rock fish.	6 partner's persona: i love tuna.	7 partner's persona: i m going riding on my boat today.	8 partner's persona: i am a fisherman.
6 partner's persona: superman s my favorite super hero.	7 partner's persona: i talk a lot in irc.	8 partner's persona: i like pepsi.	9 partner's persona: i drive only toyota.
5 partner's persona: i love watching game of thrones.	6 partner's persona: i don t like the song sweet home alabama.	7 partner's persona: my mom is a checker at the local grocery store.	8 partner's persona: i grew up in alabama.	9 partner's persona: i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.
6 partner's persona: i am planning a trip to europe.	7 partner's persona: i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.	8 partner's persona: i am a woman who wears a size 12.	9 partner's persona: i have never been on a cruise ship.	10 partner's persona: i love to shop on weekends.
6 partner's persona: i like to wear black.	7 partner's persona: i drive a black car.	8 partner's persona: my favorite artist is guns and roses.	9 partner's persona: i have a black purse.
6 partner's persona: i am an athlete.	7 partner's persona: i play basketball.	8 partner's persona: i went to the university of north carolina.	9 partner's persona: i get paid over 5 million a year to dribble a ball.	10 partner's persona: i was drafted last years by the minnesota wolves.
6 partner's persona: i thought of joining the military when i was younger.	7 partner's persona: i was a mechanic for 6 years.	8 partner's persona: i ran for political office in 2004.	9 partner's persona: i build my own computers.
6 partner's persona: i do yoga three times a week.	7 partner's persona: i am married with 2 kids.	8 partner's persona: i am a high school teacher.	9 partner's persona: i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.	10 partner's persona: i live in chicago.
6 partner's persona: favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.	7 partner's persona: i love dark clothes.	8 partner's persona: i love cold weather.	9 partner's persona: i work two jobs as a cashier.	10 partner's persona: i love non gmo foods.
6 partner's persona: i like pepsi.	7 partner's persona: i talk a lot in irc.	8 partner's persona: superman s my favorite super hero.	9 partner's persona: chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.	10 partner's persona: i drive only toyota.
5 partner's persona: my wife and i like to go scuba diving.	6 partner's persona: i have three daughters.	7 partner's persona: i love to go horseback riding.	8 partner's persona: i m a police officer in a suburb of detroit.	9 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm in kansas.
4 partner's persona: i like to eat meat.	5 partner's persona: i have red hair.	6 partner's persona: i am skilled in computer repair.
6 partner's persona: i love fall and winter.	7 partner's persona: i have brown hair.	8 partner's persona: i like sleeping in.	9 partner's persona: i like eating healthy foods.
5 partner's persona: she likes to grow plants in her garden.	6 partner's persona: i work at a grocery store.	7 partner's persona: my mother is a social worker for the school system.	8 partner's persona: my best friend lives in a big city.
6 partner's persona: i tend to work myself up.	7 partner's persona: i am passionate about a lot of things.	8 partner's persona: i am an old soul.	9 partner's persona: my back hurts chronically.
5 partner's persona: i graduated with a business degree , and marketing is all that i really enjoyed.	6 partner's persona: i am recent college graduate looking for a job in marketing.	7 partner's persona: unfortunately , my family lives across the country from me.	8 partner's persona: i would like to spend more time with my family.	9 partner's persona: i like spending time with friends playing sports and going to country concerts.
5 partner's persona: i work as a construction worker during the summers.	6 partner's persona: my parents are divorced.	7 partner's persona: i am a college student.	8 partner's persona: my favourite food is ice cream.	9 partner's persona: i love to travel.
6 partner's persona: i like to read.	7 partner's persona: my parents are not married anymore.	8 partner's persona: i have one son.	9 partner's persona: i like to go swimming.	10 partner's persona: i have epilepsy.
5 partner's persona: i am in debt.	6 partner's persona: i drive a bmw.	7 partner's persona: i have a lot of friends.	8 partner's persona: i love to shop.
5 partner's persona: i lived most of my life not knowing who bob marley was.	6 partner's persona: when i cut loose , i lose control.	7 partner's persona: we help each other out in my family.	8 partner's persona: i despise my boss.	9 partner's persona: i work over 60 hours a week as a restaurant manager.
6 partner's persona: i am a house wife.	7 partner's persona: i am on a diet.	8 partner's persona: i am thirty two years old.	9 partner's persona: i have been married eight years.	10 partner's persona: i can t drive.
5 partner's persona: i live in rural wisconsin.	6 partner's persona: i have an older brother who plays football in the nfl.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is popcorn.	8 partner's persona: i like to snowboard.
5 partner's persona: i like cooking healthy meals.	6 partner's persona: i like to go out to the bars.	7 partner's persona: i like to go to the gym and work out.	8 partner's persona: i am retired.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy dating women.
6 partner's persona: i love to listen to religious music.	7 partner's persona: i like playing basketball.	8 partner's persona: i am a middle aged woman.	9 partner's persona: i love my family.	10 partner's persona: i don t talk a lot.
6 partner's persona: i am 6 feet tall.	7 partner's persona: i collect stray people like crazy cat ladys collect cats.	8 partner's persona: i am a genius.	9 partner's persona: i have purple hair.
5 partner's persona: i am single and go on dates regularly.	6 partner's persona: my favorite place to go is the mall.	7 partner's persona: i have a pug named corky.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy playing tennis.
5 partner's persona: my best friend is from tanzania.	6 partner's persona: i love laughing.	7 partner's persona: i like to bake brownies.	8 partner's persona: i have freckles.	9 partner's persona: i love wearing flip flops.
6 partner's persona: i care deeply about animals.	7 partner's persona: i grew up homeschooled.	8 partner's persona: i have a hard time feeling connected with people.	9 partner's persona: i sometimes need to scream to feel alive.	10 partner's persona: i take my emotions out through art.
6 partner's persona: my skin is olive colored.	7 partner's persona: my eyes are green.	8 partner's persona: my purse has a picture of a skunk on it.	9 partner's persona: i wear glasses that are cateyes.
6 partner's persona: i hate school.	7 partner's persona: i fell in love this summer.	8 partner's persona: i live on a lake.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy summer walking and reading.
6 partner's persona: i like baking.	7 partner's persona: wedding cakes are my specialty.	8 partner's persona: i go to the theater to watch plays.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy walking around the park.
5 partner's persona: i like watching ufc fights.	6 partner's persona: i work in a factory.	7 partner's persona: connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.	8 partner's persona: i love to drive my car.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy travel.
5 partner's persona: i have a golden retriever puppy.	6 partner's persona: i whine a lot.	7 partner's persona: i hate paying my bills.	8 partner's persona: i don t have a job and sit on the couch all day.
5 partner's persona: i have never been on a date.	6 partner's persona: i adopted all my dogs.	7 partner's persona: i love to read.	8 partner's persona: i once wrote a biography of my favorite actor.
5 partner's persona: my mother is dead.	6 partner's persona: i am a yoga instructor.	7 partner's persona: pink is my favorite color.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy being alone.	9 partner's persona: i married my highschool sweetheart.
5 partner's persona: my family hates my fianc.	6 partner's persona: i am getting married next week.	7 partner's persona: my dog is the ring bearer.	8 partner's persona: we will be traveling to niagra falls for our honeymoon.	9 partner's persona: we are getting married in a park.
5 partner's persona: i m usually very shy.	6 partner's persona: i allergic to peanuts.	7 partner's persona: i like eating vegetables.	8 partner's persona: i have trouble getting along with family.
5 partner's persona: i prefer reading to sports.	6 partner's persona: my family comes first to me.	7 partner's persona: i am a gentle giant.	8 partner's persona: i have survived near death experiences.
5 partner's persona: i have two dogs.	6 partner's persona: i like to cook.	7 partner's persona: i m scared of clowns.	8 partner's persona: i have two roomates.
5 partner's persona: i went to the university of north carolina.	6 partner's persona: i was drafted last years by the minnesota wolves.	7 partner's persona: i play basketball.	8 partner's persona: i get paid over 5 million a year to dribble a ball.	9 partner's persona: i am an athlete.
6 partner's persona: i am a lifestyle blogger.	7 partner's persona: i live in celebration , florida.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	9 partner's persona: i used to cheerlead in high school.
6 partner's persona: i work in a lab.	7 partner's persona: i ve been a vegan since i was 5.	8 partner's persona: i have two brothers.	9 partner's persona: i love to sleep in.
5 partner's persona: my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.	6 partner's persona: my youngest sister is in first grade.	7 partner's persona: i am 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.	8 partner's persona: i have four siblings.
4 partner's persona: i own blue shoes.	5 partner's persona: i drive a blue car.	6 partner's persona: i like to listen to elvis.	7 partner's persona: i like the color blue.	8 partner's persona: i changed my hair color to blue.
6 partner's persona: i own two boxer dogs.	7 partner's persona: i work for a clothes retailer.	8 partner's persona: my favorite drink is red wine.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy gardening.
6 partner's persona: i lamp on the weekends in the forest.	7 partner's persona: there i am a general of an oris army.	8 partner's persona: in reality i am 32 and live at home with my mother.	9 partner's persona: i could move out , but she does not want me to.	10 partner's persona: i miss my dad.
5 partner's persona: i play quarterback.	6 partner's persona: this is my second year in the league.	7 partner's persona: i play for the philadelphia eagles.	8 partner's persona: last season i was just getting started.
6 partner's persona: i like to ski.	7 partner's persona: i like to eat cheetos.	8 partner's persona: i hate mexican food.	9 partner's persona: i have went to mexico 4 times this year.	10 partner's persona: my wife doesn t like me anymore.
6 partner's persona: i sing in the church choir.	7 partner's persona: i have three kids.	8 partner's persona: i am a truck driver in the south.	9 partner's persona: i love hot wings.
5 partner's persona: i like to go to the farmer s market every weekend.	6 partner's persona: i work in academia at a local university.	7 partner's persona: i am committed to the environment.	8 partner's persona: i live in nashville.
5 partner's persona: i like watching videos of surgery.	6 partner's persona: traveling and making friends is something i find delightful.	7 partner's persona: britney spears is a wonderful singer who really touches me.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy playing with edged weapons.	9 partner's persona: my favorite ice cream is pistachio.
6 partner's persona: i have gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.	7 partner's persona: i am in a motorcycle club.	8 partner's persona: i have more then 10 tattoos.	9 partner's persona: i am a grown woman.	10 partner's persona: i have never lost a fight.
6 partner's persona: my husband is a soldier in the us army.	7 partner's persona: my father is a preacher.	8 partner's persona: i live in a house in the country.	9 partner's persona: i have a horse named beauty.
5 partner's persona: i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.	6 partner's persona: i like to watch anime.	7 partner's persona: i like cats.	8 partner's persona: i like being weird.
5 partner's persona: i have three children.	6 partner's persona: my best friend lives down the street.	7 partner's persona: i drive a honda civic.	8 partner's persona: i am named after my grandmother.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy taking walks.
5 partner's persona: i like eating pretzels.	6 partner's persona: i work for the railroad.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is vnv nation.	8 partner's persona: i am an omnivore.	9 partner's persona: i really like watching star trek.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	7 partner's persona: i love the beach.	8 partner's persona: i work 2 jobs.	9 partner's persona: i am in school.
5 partner's persona: i have problems chewing my food.	6 partner's persona: i m very familiar with hospitals and doctors.	7 partner's persona: my mother is in the hospital.	8 partner's persona: i used to be able to run really fast.
6 partner's persona: i like to cook.	7 partner's persona: i like gardening.	8 partner's persona: i live in a small city.	9 partner's persona: my children are mostly grown.
6 partner's persona: i design video games for a living.	7 partner's persona: rock music is my favorite.	8 partner's persona: i hate broccoli.	9 partner's persona: i am afraid of the dark.	10 partner's persona: my mom is my best friend.
5 partner's persona: both my parents were over 6 foot tall.	6 partner's persona: i like to only eat fish.	7 partner's persona: i have amazing eye sight.	8 partner's persona: i am a democrat.	9 partner's persona: i can jump straight up , out of a pool.
5 partner's persona: i am seven years old.	6 partner's persona: i like to play soccer.	7 partner's persona: and , my best friend is cayden.	8 partner's persona: i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
6 partner's persona: i earn passive income that no one knows about.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is the muggers.	8 partner's persona: my dreams are often bizarre.	9 partner's persona: i go surfing any chance i get.	10 partner's persona: i could never be locked down to one partner.
5 partner's persona: i m a photographer.	6 partner's persona: i love dogs.	7 partner's persona: i like to drink at bars with friends.	8 partner's persona: i have 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.
6 partner's persona: i like football.	7 partner's persona: we drink beer and eat food.	8 partner's persona: my friends like watching it to.	9 partner's persona: its great fun.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is the beastie boys.	6 partner's persona: i want to be a museum curator.	7 partner's persona: i am a painter.	8 partner's persona: i went to new york city once.
6 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.	7 partner's persona: i work as a veterinarian.	8 partner's persona: i am married and have five children.	9 partner's persona: my birthplace is spain.	10 partner's persona: my favorite music is hip hop.
5 partner's persona: i think beets are the best vegetable.	6 partner's persona: my favorite show is battlestar galactica.	7 partner's persona: i live on a beet farm.	8 partner's persona: i am a paper salesman.	9 partner's persona: my favorite animal is a bear.
6 partner's persona: i have a missing pinky toe.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy swimming.	8 partner's persona: i have 4 dogs.	9 partner's persona: i do not like green eggs and ham.
6 partner's persona: i like to go to the lake.	7 partner's persona: i like to read horror novels.	8 partner's persona: i work as an accountant.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
5 partner's persona: i have a twin brother.	6 partner's persona: my favorite book is david copperfield.	7 partner's persona: i love to bake cakes.	8 partner's persona: i have won tap dance competitions.
5 partner's persona: my father used to work for microsoft.	6 partner's persona: i work in the it industry.	7 partner's persona: i like football.	8 partner's persona: i am a christian.	9 partner's persona: my favourite band is kings of leon.
5 partner's persona: my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.	6 partner's persona: my parents are both over age 100.	7 partner's persona: i build aquariums for a living.	8 partner's persona: my wife is legally deaf.
5 partner's persona: i want to be a movie director when i grow up.	6 partner's persona: my dad and i own over 600 movies.	7 partner's persona: i play the trumpet.	8 partner's persona: i am in my high school band.
5 partner's persona: i build aquariums for a living.	6 partner's persona: my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.	7 partner's persona: my wife is legally deaf.	8 partner's persona: i have six brothers.	9 partner's persona: my parents are both over age 100.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is rise against.	7 partner's persona: i usually go to bed late.	8 partner's persona: i like sports.	9 partner's persona: my favorite team is the raptors.
6 partner's persona: i can t do math.	7 partner's persona: it was too small.	8 partner's persona: i smell like french fries.	9 partner's persona: i also eat too much french fries.
6 partner's persona: my mother raised me by herself while working two jobs.	7 partner's persona: spiders scare the life out of me.	8 partner's persona: i pray to god for my family every morning.	9 partner's persona: i always put my left sock on first.
6 partner's persona: my mother is from russia.	7 partner's persona: she died when i was 18.	8 partner's persona: i opened up a restaurant three years later.	9 partner's persona: she taught me to cook.	10 partner's persona: i have a dog.
6 partner's persona: i really wanted to be an actor.	7 partner's persona: i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.	8 partner's persona: both of my parents are doctors.	9 partner's persona: i am in medical school.
6 partner's persona: i play the drums.	7 partner's persona: i work at the pizza parlor.	8 partner's persona: i am the oldest of three boys.	9 partner's persona: i grew up in the projects of chicago.
5 partner's persona: i like to grow my own herbs and vegetables in my garden.	6 partner's persona: i have long curly hair.	7 partner's persona: i sew my own clothes.	8 partner's persona: i am really into the powers of crystals.
5 partner's persona: i could move out , but she doesn t want me to.	6 partner's persona: in reality i m 32 and live at home with my mother.	7 partner's persona: i larp on the weekends in the forest.	8 partner's persona: i miss my dad.
5 partner's persona: my wife and i like to go scuba diving.	6 partner's persona: i have three daughters.	7 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm in kansas.	8 partner's persona: i m a police officer in a suburb of detroit.
6 partner's persona: i own a bar in downtown chicago.	7 partner's persona: i ve been married five times.	8 partner's persona: i won the spelling bee in third grade.	9 partner's persona: i love to eat eggplant.	10 partner's persona: i smoke a pipe.
6 partner's persona: my family owns a grocery store.	7 partner's persona: i get my nails done every saturday.	8 partner's persona: i work as a receptionist at a lawyers office.	9 partner's persona: i secretly love watching we wrestling.
6 partner's persona: i once rescued a baby on a highway.	7 partner's persona: i like playing badminton.	8 partner's persona: my family owns a dairy farm.	9 partner's persona: i do not really like vegetables or fruit but i pretend.
6 partner's persona: i was a swimmer in college.	7 partner's persona: i have a cat named pickles.	8 partner's persona: i love starbucks coffee.	9 partner's persona: i have a beautiful rose garden.	10 partner's persona: my parents met at woodstock.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy building computers.	7 partner's persona: i dropped out of college.	8 partner's persona: my favorite band is tool.	9 partner's persona: i fly airplanes.
5 partner's persona: i like to go fishing.	6 partner's persona: i have 4 daughters.	7 partner's persona: i race cars for a living.	8 partner's persona: i like to play board games.
5 partner's persona: i love to eat pita bread with hummus.	6 partner's persona: i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.	7 partner's persona: i am a mother of three.	8 partner's persona: i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.	9 partner's persona: i am bipolar.
6 partner's persona: my favorite food is salad.	7 partner's persona: i teach a yoga class.	8 partner's persona: i am single.	9 partner's persona: my mother was a teacher.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy nature.
6 partner's persona: i love all of my beautiful children.	7 partner's persona: my wife always puts a smile on my face.	8 partner's persona: i tried to make it as an actor when i was younger.	9 partner's persona: i am a humble baker.	10 partner's persona: i look forward to retiring.
5 partner's persona: i am lactose intolerant.	6 partner's persona: i have a parakeet.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.	8 partner's persona: i love gummy bears.	9 partner's persona: i have 3 roommates.
5 partner's persona: my brother raised me after our parents died.	6 partner's persona: i am quiet but confident.	7 partner's persona: i am not really a blond.	8 partner's persona: i think food trucks are awesome.	9 partner's persona: i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.
5 partner's persona: i am overall happy with life.	6 partner's persona: i am a casual dresser.	7 partner's persona: i am a waitress at a local restaurant.	8 partner's persona: my car needs some repairs.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is nirvana.
5 partner's persona: i have a masters degree.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is purple.	7 partner's persona: i love to swim , and began at a young age.	8 partner's persona: i am a female.
6 partner's persona: i d also like to study abroad in spain.	7 partner's persona: that way , after graduating , i can teach english there for a year or two.	8 partner's persona: i am currently studying at union college and want to be an english teacher.	9 partner's persona: i am a huge buffalo bills fan , and our family has season tickets.	10 partner's persona: i grew up in syracuse , ny with my parents and brother.
5 partner's persona: my husband is a corporate attorney.	6 partner's persona: i love to have my nails done.	7 partner's persona: i have one little boy named owen.	8 partner's persona: i am allergic to cats.
5 partner's persona: my mom is an osteopath.	6 partner's persona: my brother is an archaeologist.	7 partner's persona: i am a cat owner.	8 partner's persona: i speak fluent italian.	9 partner's persona: i have one blue eye and one hazel eye.
5 partner's persona: i hate paying my bills.	6 partner's persona: i do not have a job and sit on the couch all day.	7 partner's persona: i whine a lot.	8 partner's persona: i have a golden retriever puppy.
6 partner's persona: i don t like the song sweet home alabama.	7 partner's persona: i love watching game of thrones.	8 partner's persona: i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.	9 partner's persona: i grew up in alabama.
6 partner's persona: i love dogs.	7 partner's persona: my mother is allergic to dogs.	8 partner's persona: i work as a veterinarian s assistant.	9 partner's persona: i have 2 dogs as pets.
5 partner's persona: i have blue eyes.	6 partner's persona: my father died when i was 2.	7 partner's persona: my favorite season is spring.	8 partner's persona: i love fishing.	9 partner's persona: i hate to lose.
6 partner's persona: i need a wheel chair to get around.	7 partner's persona: i am very short.	8 partner's persona: i am a female.	9 partner's persona: i have 2 kids.	10 partner's persona: i hate tomatoes.
6 partner's persona: chocolate is my favorite food.	7 partner's persona: i am learning how to play the piano.	8 partner's persona: i am the youngest sibling of four.	9 partner's persona: i geocache in my spare time.	10 partner's persona: i am a school psychologist.
6 partner's persona: i wish i could be more serious about school.	7 partner's persona: i have lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.	8 partner's persona: i am very athletic.	9 partner's persona: i have been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.	10 partner's persona: i get distracted easily.
5 partner's persona: i ride a motorcycle , but its not a harley.	6 partner's persona: i eat a lot of carbs even though my doctor tells me not to.	7 partner's persona: i spend every waking hour i can at the archery center.	8 partner's persona: my favorite singer is jess greenberg.	9 partner's persona: just this past week i got a job cleaning gutters.
5 partner's persona: i do not eat well.	6 partner's persona: i am not social.	7 partner's persona: i sleep most of the day.	8 partner's persona: i work in a factory.
5 partner's persona: i eat exclusively meat.	6 partner's persona: in high school , i came in 6th in the 100 meter dash.	7 partner's persona: my favorite movie is good burger.	8 partner's persona: i like canning and whittling.
6 partner's persona: my grandson s favorite type of cake is chocolate.	7 partner's persona: i am an old woman.	8 partner's persona: my children vist often.	9 partner's persona: i like to bake for them.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy hiking.	6 partner's persona: i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.	7 partner's persona: my favorite artist is bob ross.	8 partner's persona: i am a vegan.
6 partner's persona: i work in accounting.	7 partner's persona: i like potatoes.	8 partner's persona: i lease my car.	9 partner's persona: i am male.	10 partner's persona: i have two dogs.
6 partner's persona: i like to do crafts.	7 partner's persona: i like to watch movies.	8 partner's persona: i am a mother of 5.	9 partner's persona: i like to draw.	10 partner's persona: i like all types of music.
6 partner's persona: i have never been to the beach.	7 partner's persona: i am the oldest of 5 children.	8 partner's persona: i love my parrot , todd.	9 partner's persona: i am a disappointment to my family.
6 partner's persona: i moved far from home.	7 partner's persona: my family owns a farm.	8 partner's persona: i have red hair.	9 partner's persona: i like to eat meat.
6 partner's persona: my horse never talks back to me.	7 partner's persona: i live in the city.	8 partner's persona: i am still a student , but i am gonna be a nurse.	9 partner's persona: i am the lead singer for an indie band.
6 partner's persona: i love travelling and discovering new cultures.	7 partner's persona: i have been married for 20 years.	8 partner's persona: my favorite sport is football.	9 partner's persona: i am a military veteran.	10 partner's persona: i volunteer at my local animal shelter.
6 partner's persona: i like to take walks.	7 partner's persona: we plan to travel after he retires.	8 partner's persona: many of my former students like to visit me.	9 partner's persona: i am a retired school teacher.
5 partner's persona: i have two older brothers.	6 partner's persona: my passion is photography.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	8 partner's persona: i am the youngest in my family.	9 partner's persona: i am a freshman at nyu.
6 partner's persona: i am a romantic.	7 partner's persona: i like victorian things.	8 partner's persona: i like antiques.	9 partner's persona: i like jazz.	10 partner's persona: i collect dolls.
5 partner's persona: i am male.	6 partner's persona: i like potatoes.	7 partner's persona: i work in accounting.	8 partner's persona: i lease my car.
5 partner's persona: i have a george foreman grill at home.	6 partner's persona: i am an avid fisherman.	7 partner's persona: i know how to play the guitar.	8 partner's persona: i hate fast food.	9 partner's persona: i like to race go carts.
6 partner's persona: i know how to drive a stickshift.	7 partner's persona: we lived in virginia while i was growing up.	8 partner's persona: my mother was a teacher.	9 partner's persona: i am a truck driver.	10 partner's persona: my father was a cop.
6 partner's persona: i play guitar.	7 partner's persona: i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.	8 partner's persona: i have four daughters.	9 partner's persona: i have two siberian huskies.
6 partner's persona: i m picky when it comes to food.	7 partner's persona: my temper is pretty short.	8 partner's persona: i like early 2000s indie music.	9 partner's persona: i d like to be a teacher in the future.	10 partner's persona: i love my pet dog more than anything.
5 partner's persona: i use to be a huge superman fan as a child.	6 partner's persona: i have been cheated on by every ex girlfriend except for one.	7 partner's persona: i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody.	8 partner's persona: my biggest fear in life is heights.	9 partner's persona: there is only been one set of twins in my family.
6 partner's persona: i watch youtube videos.	7 partner's persona: i write.	8 partner's persona: i have brown hair.	9 partner's persona: i work at mcdonalds.	10 partner's persona: i like sleeping.
5 partner's persona: i have blonde hair.	6 partner's persona: i love ballet.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is macaroni and cheese.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is purple.	9 partner's persona: i like video games.
5 partner's persona: i love fishing.	6 partner's persona: my father died when i was 2.	7 partner's persona: i hate to lose.	8 partner's persona: my favorite season is spring.	9 partner's persona: i have blue eyes.
6 partner's persona: i am a genius and know over 300 languages.	7 partner's persona: i never met my parents.	8 partner's persona: i own a mansion that i do not live in.	9 partner's persona: i never went to school.
5 partner's persona: i play music in my spare time.	6 partner's persona: i like to go to the farmer s market every weekend.	7 partner's persona: i live in nashville.	8 partner's persona: i work in academia at a local university.
5 partner's persona: i want to be a famous actor.	6 partner's persona: my english is not very good yet.	7 partner's persona: i also dance and sing.	8 partner's persona: i just moved to los angeles from tokyo.
5 partner's persona: i am in high school.	6 partner's persona: i am on a competitive dance team.	7 partner's persona: ariel is my favorite princess.	8 partner's persona: i love disney movies.
5 partner's persona: i play bass.	6 partner's persona: my feet are size six womens.	7 partner's persona: i love the band red hot chili peppers.	8 partner's persona: i want to be a journalist but instead i sell washers at sears.	9 partner's persona: i have a french bulldog.
6 partner's persona: i talk a lot in irc.	7 partner's persona: chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.	8 partner's persona: superman s my favorite super hero.	9 partner's persona: i drive only toyota.
6 partner's persona: i have brown eyes.	7 partner's persona: my mother was a weightlifter.	8 partner's persona: my feet smell.	9 partner's persona: i have blonde hair.	10 partner's persona: i love money.
6 partner's persona: i went to an all girls christian high school.	7 partner's persona: i m currently in nursing school.	8 partner's persona: my mother was a sunday school teacher.	9 partner's persona: i dance ballet.	10 partner's persona: i am an only child.
5 partner's persona: i own four german shepherds.	6 partner's persona: i only buy convertible cars.	7 partner's persona: i have created my own personal religion.	8 partner's persona: i believe in ghosts and have seen them on several occasions.
6 partner's persona: i am married.	7 partner's persona: i have an mba degree.	8 partner's persona: my car is blue.	9 partner's persona: i own my home.
5 partner's persona: i have a lot of trophies from my childhood.	6 partner's persona: i love to sing.	7 partner's persona: i ca swim very fast.	8 partner's persona: i love to run.
5 partner's persona: my favorite musician is bruno mars.	6 partner's persona: i drive a red car.	7 partner's persona: i am an accountant.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy running.
5 partner's persona: i like to go to the farmer s market every weekend.	6 partner's persona: i play music in my spare time.	7 partner's persona: i live in nashville.	8 partner's persona: i work in academia at a local university.
6 partner's persona: i love her though.	7 partner's persona: i hope to one day be happy with myself.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.	9 partner's persona: currently , i m saving up to get some procedures done.	10 partner's persona: i don t think my girlfriend understands.
6 partner's persona: i am not very tall.	7 partner's persona: i am looking for a job.	8 partner's persona: i have a dog.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	10 partner's persona: i have two siblings.
6 partner's persona: i hate winter.	7 partner's persona: i always sleep 8 hours a day.	8 partner's persona: i work as an electrician.	9 partner's persona: i love hamburgers.	10 partner's persona: i go running a lot.
6 partner's persona: my favorite book is jane austen s pride and prejudice.	7 partner's persona: i like going barefoot.	8 partner's persona: i work as a tutor for english literature.	9 partner's persona: i can knit.
5 partner's persona: i love comic books.	6 partner's persona: i am 8 years old.	7 partner's persona: my favorite hero is superman.	8 partner's persona: i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.	9 partner's persona: my name is todd.
6 partner's persona: my favorite video game is halo 3.	7 partner's persona: i sing in the shower.	8 partner's persona: i like to take cold showers.	9 partner's persona: i struggle with maintaining eye contact.
5 partner's persona: i read a lot of used books.	6 partner's persona: i live in my parents basement.	7 partner's persona: i like cats.	8 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.	9 partner's persona: i work in a flower shop.
6 partner's persona: i wish i could live in a fantasy world.	7 partner's persona: i have long hair for a boy.	8 partner's persona: i don t have many friends.	9 partner's persona: i draw during classes instead of taking notes.
6 partner's persona: i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.	7 partner's persona: i am divorced and looking to date.	8 partner's persona: i am a professional bowler.	9 partner's persona: i have two children , a boy and a girl.	10 partner's persona: i work at an insurance firm.
6 partner's persona: i want to be a famous photographer.	7 partner's persona: i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.	8 partner's persona: i like taking pictures.	9 partner's persona: i am a widow.	10 partner's persona: i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.
5 partner's persona: i like to dance with my friends.	6 partner's persona: i really like to go to school.	7 partner's persona: i love to be run.	8 partner's persona: i have a family that are all tall.
6 partner's persona: i eat a strictly vegan diet.	7 partner's persona: my friends tell me that i am a neurotic hypochondriac.	8 partner's persona: ocd rules my life , and i have a hard time relinquishing control.	9 partner's persona: i teach elementary school children at a private school.
6 partner's persona: my mom died when i was six.	7 partner's persona: my dad is a college professor.	8 partner's persona: i am a petsitter.	9 partner's persona: i have purple hair.	10 partner's persona: my favorite book is the tale of genii.
5 partner's persona: i am an aspiring writer.	6 partner's persona: i work as an extra for major motion pictures.	7 partner's persona: i have a set of identical twin brothers.	8 partner's persona: i am a painter and love to create art.
6 partner's persona: i am married.	7 partner's persona: my husband is a stay at home dad.	8 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
5 partner's persona: i already have 3 children.	6 partner's persona: i found out that i am carrying twins.	7 partner's persona: i will be on bed rest for the next 5 months.	8 partner's persona: i am 26 years old.	9 partner's persona: i have thrown up every day for the last 3 months with morning sickness.
5 partner's persona: i am six feet tall.	6 partner's persona: i tell bad jokes on purpose.	7 partner's persona: i speak fluent german.	8 partner's persona: my mom and dad are both red headed.	9 partner's persona: i wish i was a tiger.
6 partner's persona: i have 3 children.	7 partner's persona: i have a law degree.	8 partner's persona: i have a vacation home in the mountains.	9 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs.
6 partner's persona: we plan to travel after he retires.	7 partner's persona: i like to take walks.	8 partner's persona: i am a retired school teacher.	9 partner's persona: my husband will retire next year.	10 partner's persona: many of my former students like to visit me.
6 partner's persona: my passion is photography.	7 partner's persona: i am the youngest in my family.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	9 partner's persona: i am a freshman at nyu.	10 partner's persona: i have two older brothers.
6 partner's persona: i ride a bike.	7 partner's persona: i work as a waitress.	8 partner's persona: i have 5 brothers and sisters.	9 partner's persona: i like to draw.	10 partner's persona: i live in north dakota.
6 partner's persona: i am a meataholic.	7 partner's persona: my dad works for stifle.	8 partner's persona: i love rap music.	9 partner's persona: i like smoking weed.	10 partner's persona: i have a job as an it agent.
6 partner's persona: i am single.	7 partner's persona: i talk to my mom on the phone every day.	8 partner's persona: i love rap music.	9 partner's persona: i love going fishing.
6 partner's persona: i like tailgate parties.	7 partner's persona: i had a girlfriend who eloped with my best friend one day.	8 partner's persona: i have never been on an airplane.	9 partner's persona: i didn t go to college because i run the family farm.	10 partner's persona: my favorite season is duck hunting season.
6 partner's persona: i freeze up in social situations.	7 partner's persona: sometimes i feel like i ve already been through life once before.	8 partner's persona: i work as a freelance accountant.	9 partner's persona: once a year , i take a week off and head to florida.	10 partner's persona: i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.
6 partner's persona: i play ice hockey.	7 partner's persona: i live in the united states.	8 partner's persona: i am a boy.	9 partner's persona: i go to high school.	10 partner's persona: math is my favorite subject.
6 partner's persona: my husband is the ceo of taco bell.	7 partner's persona: i am next in line to become queen of england.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	9 partner's persona: madonna is my sister.	10 partner's persona: i have five cats.
6 partner's persona: i work in the emergency room.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy reading.	8 partner's persona: i am a nurse.	9 partner's persona: i am divorced.	10 partner's persona: my favorite drink is dr pepper.
6 partner's persona: my favorite jello is the blue one.	7 partner's persona: i work at home on my computer.	8 partner's persona: i do not eat asparagus.	9 partner's persona: i have long red hair.	10 partner's persona: i own 10 cats.
5 partner's persona: my mother is a ballerina.	6 partner's persona: i plan to retire in 6 months.	7 partner's persona: i have the support of my whole family.	8 partner's persona: i ve studied ballet all my life.	9 partner's persona: i am a white dancer.
5 partner's persona: i love to socialize.	6 partner's persona: i have 5 kids.	7 partner's persona: i love to draw.	8 partner's persona: i love new gadgets.	9 partner's persona: i am great with babies.
5 partner's persona: i am a older woman.	6 partner's persona: my favorite food is pasta.	7 partner's persona: i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.	8 partner's persona: i live in a rural area.
6 partner's persona: my children are a disappointment.	7 partner's persona: my favorite dessert is cheesecake.	8 partner's persona: i am bored of my maids.	9 partner's persona: i married miss usa.	10 partner's persona: i have more money than i know what to do with.
5 partner's persona: i practice yoga daily.	6 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	7 partner's persona: i have a marketing job.	8 partner's persona: i also meditate a lot.
6 partner's persona: i have borderline personality disorder.	7 partner's persona: it is my universe , and everyone else is just a character in it.	8 partner's persona: i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy part of town.	9 partner's persona: at night , i party hard in the atlanta club scene , and i never miss a music festival.
5 partner's persona: i like to hunt.	6 partner's persona: i had two cats growing up.	7 partner's persona: both my parents were teachers.	8 partner's persona: i like to donate time at the local animal shelter.
5 partner's persona: i think i need botos soon.	6 partner's persona: i have not had to work a day in my life.	7 partner's persona: i do not know why my sister in law dislikes me.	8 partner's persona: i am fabulous from my on trend haircut to my louis vuitton.
6 partner's persona: i like my job.	7 partner's persona: i have a dog named george.	8 partner's persona: i used to work for a cable company.	9 partner's persona: i like going to the beach.
5 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is classic rock.	6 partner's persona: i like to work on cars.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy playing recreational games like cards , darts or billiards.	8 partner's persona: i like to try different beers from various countries.
6 partner's persona: i sell clothing on facebook.	7 partner's persona: my hair is curly and dark.	8 partner's persona: i do not like to clean house.	9 partner's persona: i have two children.
6 partner's persona: i have an 18 year old son.	7 partner's persona: i volunteer walking dogs twice a week.	8 partner's persona: i love animals.	9 partner's persona: i spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups.	10 partner's persona: i am a vegan.
6 partner's persona: i am a travel agent.	7 partner's persona: my favorite place to travel is jamaica.	8 partner's persona: my parents own a business that i m now running.	9 partner's persona: i like fitness.	10 partner's persona: i am traveling to barbados next month.
5 partner's persona: i m lazy and pork tastes good.	6 partner's persona: its good to eat a lot of veggies.	7 partner's persona: i like meat too much.	8 partner's persona: i do the shopping in my house.	9 partner's persona: i want to be a vegetarian.
5 partner's persona: i like the tv show the walking dead.	6 partner's persona: i like to hunt.	7 partner's persona: i am thin.	8 partner's persona: i love the tigers baseball team.
5 partner's persona: i have three kids.	6 partner's persona: i love hot wings.	7 partner's persona: i sing in the church choir.	8 partner's persona: i m a truck driver in the south.	9 partner's persona: i grew up in the trailer park.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is green.	6 partner's persona: i like rock music.	7 partner's persona: i work at mcdonalds.	8 partner's persona: i like basketball.	9 partner's persona: my name is gerald.
5 partner's persona: i like to race go carts.	6 partner's persona: i have a george foreman grill at home.	7 partner's persona: i know how to play the guitar.	8 partner's persona: i hate fast food.	9 partner's persona: i am an avid fisherman.
5 partner's persona: i like canning and whittling.	6 partner's persona: to stay in shape , i chase cheetahs at the zoo.	7 partner's persona: in high school , i came in 6th in the 100 meter dash.	8 partner's persona: i eat exclusively meat.
6 partner's persona: i like to go running.	7 partner's persona: i am 6 foot tall.	8 partner's persona: i have asthma.	9 partner's persona: i used to play hockey.	10 partner's persona: i love to dance.
6 partner's persona: i ve never been to the city.	7 partner's persona: i live on a small farm in ohio.	8 partner's persona: i play guitar in the local band.	9 partner's persona: i am the youngest of three brothers.
6 partner's persona: my husband is a corporate attorney.	7 partner's persona: i use to compete in beauty pageants.	8 partner's persona: i love to have my nails done.	9 partner's persona: i m allergic to cats.	10 partner's persona: i have one little boy named owen.
6 partner's persona: my favorite artist is justin bieber.	7 partner's persona: my family and i go camping every month.	8 partner's persona: i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.	9 partner's persona: i am a mother of two beautiful boys.
5 partner's persona: i have sandy brown hair and green eyes.	6 partner's persona: i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.	7 partner's persona: my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.	8 partner's persona: i cannot get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.
6 partner's persona: i hate to lose.	7 partner's persona: my father died when i was 2.	8 partner's persona: my favorite season is spring.	9 partner's persona: i love fishing.
6 partner's persona: i favorite brand of clothing is donna karen.	7 partner's persona: i sing in the church choir every sunday.	8 partner's persona: i love to go to the symphony orchestra.
6 partner's persona: i drive a restored mustang.	7 partner's persona: i m a college student.	8 partner's persona: i like action movies.	9 partner's persona: my father is a doctor.	10 partner's persona: i play football.
5 partner's persona: i am writing a novel.	6 partner's persona: my favorite tv show is rick and morty.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is black.	8 partner's persona: i own an iphone.	9 partner's persona: i don t like pickles.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	7 partner's persona: i have five cats.	8 partner's persona: my husband is the ceo of taco bell.	9 partner's persona: madonna is my sister.	10 partner's persona: i am next in line to become queen of england.
5 partner's persona: i work on semi trucks for a living.	6 partner's persona: my motor never stops running.	7 partner's persona: i want to take her on vacations one day.	8 partner's persona: i got off the road when i married my sweetheart.	9 partner's persona: my father was a driver himself.
6 partner's persona: i am a girl who loves sports cars and video games.	7 partner's persona: i like swimming.	8 partner's persona: i am a fourteen year old living with my mom and grandparents.	9 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is research race cars in my free time.
6 partner's persona: i like to read.	7 partner's persona: i work for a magazine.	8 partner's persona: i love the game halo.	9 partner's persona: i love to workout.
6 partner's persona: i had to call 911 when i had a terrible headache.	7 partner's persona: i never learned how to write.	8 partner's persona: i use to own 6 cats.	9 partner's persona: i got married to my highschool friend.	10 partner's persona: i can only see 200 feet in front of me.
6 partner's persona: my husband is a soldier in the us army.	7 partner's persona: i have a horse named beauty.	8 partner's persona: i am pregnant with my first child.	9 partner's persona: my father is a preacher.	10 partner's persona: i live in a house in the country.
4 partner's persona: my grandchildren range in age from 30 to 7.	5 partner's persona: i have 4 children.	6 partner's persona: i am a senior citizen.
6 partner's persona: i design video games for a living.	7 partner's persona: my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.	8 partner's persona: i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.	9 partner's persona: my son plays on the local football team.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is meatloaf.	6 partner's persona: my car is green and smells weird.	7 partner's persona: my grandma is from denmark.	8 partner's persona: my favorite band used to be toto.	9 partner's persona: my dog s name is toto.
5 partner's persona: i do yoga three times a week.	6 partner's persona: i am married with 2 kids.	7 partner's persona: i live in chicago.	8 partner's persona: i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.	9 partner's persona: i am a high school teacher.
5 partner's persona: i would like to be a teacher in the future.	6 partner's persona: i love my pet dog more than anything.	7 partner's persona: i like early 2000s indie music.	8 partner's persona: i am picky when it comes to food.	9 partner's persona: my temper is pretty short.
5 partner's persona: i eat tuna fish salad at least every day.	6 partner's persona: i can t get enough gummy worms to satisfy my sweet tooth.	7 partner's persona: i have sandy brown hair and green eyes.	8 partner's persona: my favorite music is two steps from hell and rock opera genre.	9 partner's persona: i read sci fi space adventures with a passion.
5 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	6 partner's persona: i am a registered nurse.	7 partner's persona: i have two smartphones.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy reading.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is pink floyd.	7 partner's persona: i am looking for a second job.	8 partner's persona: running is a hobby.	9 partner's persona: my dream is to own my own restaurant.
6 partner's persona: i like to go on long hikes.	7 partner's persona: i like to play volleyball.	8 partner's persona: i like to do my nails.	9 partner's persona: i like to pickle eggs.
6 partner's persona: i am a cartographer.	7 partner's persona: i used to be a nurse.	8 partner's persona: i like to arm wrestle.	9 partner's persona: i like to make bagels.	10 partner's persona: i like to paint outdoors.
6 partner's persona: i like to ride motorcycles.	7 partner's persona: i have many homes.	8 partner's persona: i try to limit how much meat i eat for health reasons.	9 partner's persona: i ride horses.
6 partner's persona: i have a close circle of friends i would do anything for.	7 partner's persona: i am the youngest of 8 kids.	8 partner's persona: i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.	9 partner's persona: my guilty pleasure is mcdonald s.
6 partner's persona: i like to swim.	7 partner's persona: i work for the navy.	8 partner's persona: my favorite show is thevoice.	9 partner's persona: i am blue and tall.	10 partner's persona: i like to read.
5 partner's persona: my grandpa was in wwii.	6 partner's persona: i do not know how to swim.	7 partner's persona: i own a chevy tahoe.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is steak.
5 partner's persona: i had a gig at local theater last night.	6 partner's persona: i come from a small town.	7 partner's persona: i work as a stand up comedian.	8 partner's persona: i did a few small roles in tv series.
6 partner's persona: i love rage metal music.	7 partner's persona: i have two sons that i am raising by myself.	8 partner's persona: i sell cosmetics in my spare time.	9 partner's persona: i am a special ed teacher.	10 partner's persona: and , i love psychoanalyzing my friends.
5 partner's persona: i live in my parents basement.	6 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.	7 partner's persona: i like cats.	8 partner's persona: i work in a flower shop.	9 partner's persona: i read a lot of used books.
5 partner's persona: i like to travel.	6 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is classical.	7 partner's persona: i give lessons on string instruments.	8 partner's persona: i play many instruments.
6 partner's persona: i have six tattoos , all of cats.	7 partner's persona: i am from baltimore md.	8 partner's persona: my mother is a ballet dancer.	9 partner's persona: i have a pencil thin mustache.
5 partner's persona: my left knee is filled with metal.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.	7 partner's persona: my family means the world to me.	8 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs and a parrot.
6 partner's persona: my favorite food is steak.	7 partner's persona: my favorite genre of music is rock.	8 partner's persona: i do not know how to swim.	9 partner's persona: my grandpa was in wwii.	10 partner's persona: i own a chevy tahoe.
6 partner's persona: when i turned 18 , my family moved across the country.	7 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm.	8 partner's persona: i eat eggs and bacon for breakfast.	9 partner's persona: i like going to rock concerts.
5 partner's persona: last month the farm was foreclosed so i am looking for a new job.	6 partner's persona: i live in kansas.	7 partner's persona: i am an out of work farmhand.	8 partner's persona: i like watching reality television shows.	9 partner's persona: i would like to move some place warmer.
6 partner's persona: i am a truck driver.	7 partner's persona: i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.	8 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is playing recreational baseball.	9 partner's persona: i spend my weekends camping.	10 partner's persona: my wife and two kids camp with me.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	7 partner's persona: i like long walks on the beach.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy home cooked meals.	9 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is pop.	10 partner's persona: my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
5 partner's persona: i am college student.	6 partner's persona: i play drums in a band.	7 partner's persona: i drive a ford mustang.	8 partner's persona: i am 25 years old and live with my parents.	9 partner's persona: i have a girlfriend named luis , and she goes to my college.
6 partner's persona: i love to travel.	7 partner's persona: i grew up by the ocean.	8 partner's persona: i like to eat pizza.	9 partner's persona: dogs are my favorite animal.
5 partner's persona: i am a mother of 2 daughters.	6 partner's persona: my husband works at a telecom.	7 partner's persona: i m a people person.	8 partner's persona: but i m a frustrated driver.
5 partner's persona: my mom is a janitor.	6 partner's persona: i still live at home.	7 partner's persona: i like cartoons.	8 partner's persona: i listen to death metal.
5 partner's persona: my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.	6 partner's persona: i write short stories in my document tab with the use of a prompting app.	7 partner's persona: i ride my bike to class since it s only a mile away.	8 partner's persona: my college courses are on philosophy and history.
5 partner's persona: i have a horse named beauty.	6 partner's persona: i live in a house in the country.	7 partner's persona: my father is a preacher.	8 partner's persona: my husband is a soldier in the us army.	9 partner's persona: i am pregnant with my first child.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	6 partner's persona: i work 2 jobs.	7 partner's persona: i am married.	8 partner's persona: i am in school.	9 partner's persona: i love the beach.
6 partner's persona: i also like ford trucks.	7 partner's persona: i like ford cars.	8 partner's persona: my truck is black.	9 partner's persona: i have a ford f150.
6 partner's persona: both of my parents are teachers.	7 partner's persona: i have an eyebrown piercing.	8 partner's persona: my sister and i are in a grunge band.	9 partner's persona: i work at a coffee shop.
6 partner's persona: i live in the city of grand rapids , michigan.	7 partner's persona: i m allergic to bees.	8 partner's persona: i work at the hospital as a nurse.	9 partner's persona: i m the youngest of five.	10 partner's persona: i have pink hair.
6 partner's persona: my father was a famous actor.	7 partner's persona: i do not like acting.	8 partner's persona: i have 3 ferrari cars in my garage.	9 partner's persona: i do not like kids.	10 partner's persona: i have 3 ex wives.
6 partner's persona: i work in the office , 9 till 5.	7 partner's persona: this summer i went on vacation to italy.	8 partner's persona: i live in a big city.	9 partner's persona: sometimes i go to yoga classes.	10 partner's persona: i like italian cusine.
5 partner's persona: my father and grandfather also worked in the circus.	6 partner's persona: i am on a keto diet.	7 partner's persona: i like going to the moves.	8 partner's persona: i work in a circus as a juggler.
6 partner's persona: i practice yoga and hike.	7 partner's persona: i believe in fairytales.	8 partner's persona: i love the natural world beauty.	9 partner's persona: i m obsessed with animals.
5 partner's persona: i brew my own beer.	6 partner's persona: i live in portland , oregon.	7 partner's persona: i am gay.	8 partner's persona: i like to make my own coffee.
6 partner's persona: i have 23 cats at home.	7 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	8 partner's persona: i hate the taste of fish.	9 partner's persona: i traveled around the world in a boat.	10 partner's persona: i like to paint.
6 partner's persona: i live in a studio apartment.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is the beatles.	8 partner's persona: i am studying to become a nurse.	9 partner's persona: i have three sisters.	10 partner's persona: i am a paramedic.
5 partner's persona: i visit india often.	6 partner's persona: i want to be an explorer.	7 partner's persona: i do not like my job.	8 partner's persona: i am an athlete.
5 partner's persona: i love to play softball.	6 partner's persona: i am a technician.	7 partner's persona: my father was a dry wall finisher.	8 partner's persona: i love history.	9 partner's persona: my mother was an rn.
6 partner's persona: i love going fishing.	7 partner's persona: i talk to my mom on the phone every day.	8 partner's persona: i am single.	9 partner's persona: i am a paramedic.	10 partner's persona: i love rap music.
5 partner's persona: my master s degree is in italian literature.	6 partner's persona: i have a pet skunk.	7 partner's persona: my brother thinks he s a viking.	8 partner's persona: i live in a nice attic apartment in portland or.	9 partner's persona: my nails are painted green.
6 partner's persona: i love to travel with my family.	7 partner's persona: my dog is a collie.	8 partner's persona: i love to snack between meals.	9 partner's persona: my favorite type of music is country.
5 partner's persona: i hate tomatoes.	6 partner's persona: i am very short.	7 partner's persona: i have 2 kids.	8 partner's persona: i am a female.	9 partner's persona: i need a wheel chair to get around.
5 partner's persona: i am a perfectionist.	6 partner's persona: i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.	7 partner's persona: i think i need a vacation.	8 partner's persona: i work too much.
6 partner's persona: i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.	7 partner's persona: i am pretty poor financially.	8 partner's persona: i have a few pet iguanas.	9 partner's persona: i have a brother but we don t talk much yet.
5 partner's persona: i am a widow.	6 partner's persona: i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.	7 partner's persona: i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.	8 partner's persona: i want to be a famous photographer.	9 partner's persona: i like taking pictures.
6 partner's persona: my favorite singer is justin bieber.	7 partner's persona: i m really terrible at doing regular expressions.	8 partner's persona: i like having fried fish for supper.	9 partner's persona: i m allergic to lactose.	10 partner's persona: my doctor told me i have six months to live.
6 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.	7 partner's persona: every fall i visit my sister in canada.	8 partner's persona: i have four cats.	9 partner's persona: i take the subway to work everyday.
5 partner's persona: i have a black lab.	6 partner's persona: i am married.	7 partner's persona: my favorite musician in charlie daniels.	8 partner's persona: i love to fish.
5 partner's persona: i live in colorado.	6 partner's persona: i have an mba degree.	7 partner's persona: i own my home.	8 partner's persona: my car is blue.	9 partner's persona: i am married.
6 partner's persona: i was a swimmer in college.	7 partner's persona: i have a beautiful rose garden.	8 partner's persona: my parents met at woodstock.	9 partner's persona: i have a cat named pickles.	10 partner's persona: i love starbucks coffee.
6 partner's persona: i love animals.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy playing tennis.	8 partner's persona: i am an aspiring singer.	9 partner's persona: green is my favorite color.	10 partner's persona: my father worked for ge.
5 partner's persona: my girlfriend tells me she s going to leave me almost every day.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy john grisham movies , but not his books.	7 partner's persona: i don t like wearing pants when i don t have to.	8 partner's persona: my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.	9 partner's persona: i m a really , really good guitar player.
5 partner's persona: i am a fisherman.	6 partner's persona: i love tuna.	7 partner's persona: my favorite is rock fish.	8 partner's persona: i live in cape hatteras.
6 partner's persona: my father is a school teacher , he teaches middle school.	7 partner's persona: i am 5 3 and am the shortest person in my family.	8 partner's persona: i have four siblings.	9 partner's persona: my youngest sister is in first grade.	10 partner's persona: i am the oldest sibling.
5 partner's persona: i drive a honda civic.	6 partner's persona: i have three children.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy taking walks.	8 partner's persona: my best friend lives down the street.
6 partner's persona: my clients are gamblers.	7 partner's persona: i have a consulting firm.	8 partner's persona: i am a small business owner.	9 partner's persona: i give out sports information.	10 partner's persona: i help them win a lot of money.
6 partner's persona: i like sports.	7 partner's persona: i prefer baseball over football.	8 partner's persona: my favorite team is the washington nationals.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	10 partner's persona: i work for a government agency.
5 partner's persona: i work for a magazine.	6 partner's persona: yellow is my favorite color.	7 partner's persona: i love to workout.	8 partner's persona: i like to read.	9 partner's persona: i love the game halo.
6 partner's persona: i hate to workout , but i need to.	7 partner's persona: i have a bicycle.	8 partner's persona: i am very good at the drums.	9 partner's persona: i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
6 partner's persona: my favorite show is tom and jerry.	7 partner's persona: my name is jovannie and i am 19.	8 partner's persona: i live down the street from miley cyrus and pnb rock.	9 partner's persona: i love eating barbeque sandwiches and pizza puffs.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy hanging out with my imaginary friends as a hobby.
6 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is playing recreational baseball.	7 partner's persona: i am a truck driver.	8 partner's persona: i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.	9 partner's persona: i spend my weekends camping.	10 partner's persona: my wife and two kids camp with me.
6 partner's persona: i couldn t live without my cell phone.	7 partner's persona: i am more of a cat person than a dog person.	8 partner's persona: i attend book club every week.	9 partner's persona: my mom is my best friend.
5 partner's persona: i have been on the design team for over 65 video games.	6 partner's persona: i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.	7 partner's persona: my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.	8 partner's persona: my son plays on the local football team.	9 partner's persona: i design video games for a living.
6 partner's persona: i am a christian.	7 partner's persona: my father used to work for microsoft.	8 partner's persona: my favourite band is kings of leon.	9 partner's persona: i work in the it industry.
6 partner's persona: i am active on my city council.	7 partner's persona: i have 10 alpacas.	8 partner's persona: i own a home with 5 acres of land.	9 partner's persona: i like wide , open spaces.
6 partner's persona: i have braces.	7 partner's persona: i am fifteen years old.	8 partner's persona: i live in america in the state of florida.	9 partner's persona: i just started the tenth grade and my concentration is in science.
6 partner's persona: i am retired.	7 partner's persona: i stay active.	8 partner's persona: i have good health.	9 partner's persona: i wear glasses.
5 partner's persona: my mother is dead.	6 partner's persona: i married my highschool sweetheart.	7 partner's persona: pink is my favorite color.	8 partner's persona: i am a yoga instructor.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy being alone.
5 partner's persona: i love to skate and ski.	6 partner's persona: i love the smell of leather.	7 partner's persona: my car has to be as fast as my motorcycle.	8 partner's persona: i have 4 cats and 2 dogs.	9 partner's persona: i own 30 pairs of shoes.
5 partner's persona: i auditionated in a cooking show.	6 partner's persona: i did not pass the audition , but i will keep trying.	7 partner's persona: i think i have talent for it.	8 partner's persona: since young i have loved to cook.
5 partner's persona: i believe in fairytales.	6 partner's persona: i practice yoga and hike.	7 partner's persona: i m obsessed with animals.	8 partner's persona: my family is poor.
6 partner's persona: i am a waitress at a popular houston club.	7 partner's persona: i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.	8 partner's persona: i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.	9 partner's persona: i like jogging in my spare time.
6 partner's persona: and , my best friend is abigail.	7 partner's persona: i take martial arts after school.	8 partner's persona: i am ten years old.	9 partner's persona: tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.	10 partner's persona: i love to read harry potter books.
5 partner's persona: i have a horse named beauty.	6 partner's persona: i am pregnant with my first child.	7 partner's persona: i live in a house in the country.	8 partner's persona: my husband is a soldier in the us army.	9 partner's persona: my father is a preacher.
6 partner's persona: i wish i could live in a fantasy world.	7 partner's persona: i have long hair for a boy.	8 partner's persona: i draw during classes instead of taking notes.	9 partner's persona: i like lizards.	10 partner's persona: i do not have many friends.
5 partner's persona: i have three children.	6 partner's persona: i like to garden.	7 partner's persona: i am a teacher.	8 partner's persona: i graduated college for secondary english education.	9 partner's persona: i live in the suburbs of a major city.
6 partner's persona: i work in construction.	7 partner's persona: i was in the army.	8 partner's persona: i drive a prius.	9 partner's persona: i love to read romance novels.	10 partner's persona: i have freckles all over my face.
6 partner's persona: currently , i am saving up to get some procedures done.	7 partner's persona: i hope to one day be happy with myself.	8 partner's persona: i do not think my girlfriend understands.	9 partner's persona: i love her though.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.
6 partner's persona: i sing barbershop and rap.	7 partner's persona: my eyes are blue.	8 partner's persona: i love to take naps.	9 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.	10 partner's persona: i love watching basketball.
6 partner's persona: i love to keep a small garden outside of my house.	7 partner's persona: my house is located in the countryside.	8 partner's persona: i am seventy one years old.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food to harvest is carrots.	10 partner's persona: i love all sorts of fresh vegetables.
5 partner's persona: i have two kids.	6 partner's persona: i am fairly conservative in politics.	7 partner's persona: i work at amazon.	8 partner's persona: i live in a rural community.	9 partner's persona: i love robotics.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy walking on the beach.	6 partner's persona: i work at a retail store.	7 partner's persona: i have red hair.	8 partner's persona: i am vegan.	9 partner's persona: i live close to the coast.
5 partner's persona: i like to read.	6 partner's persona: i am a veteran.	7 partner's persona: i have a garden.	8 partner's persona: i grew up in kentucky.
6 partner's persona: i build aquariums for a living.	7 partner's persona: my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.	8 partner's persona: i have six brothers.	9 partner's persona: my wife is legally deaf.	10 partner's persona: my parents are both over age 100.
5 partner's persona: i study philosophy at mass.	6 partner's persona: i love going to concerts.	7 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	8 partner's persona: i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip.	9 partner's persona: my eyes are brown.
5 partner's persona: i came from japan to teach high school over 10 years ago.	6 partner's persona: i teach both japanese and drawing classes.	7 partner's persona: i m still single at the age of 35.	8 partner's persona: my dog s name is wonwon.
5 partner's persona: i ride horses in my spare time.	6 partner's persona: i am an only child.	7 partner's persona: i work at an accounting firm.	8 partner's persona: i am adopted.
5 partner's persona: i like victorian things.	6 partner's persona: i like jazz.	7 partner's persona: i like antiques.	8 partner's persona: i am a romantic.	9 partner's persona: i collect dolls.
6 partner's persona: i run marathons twice a year , mostly in america.	7 partner's persona: my favorite basketball team is the vancouver grizzlies.	8 partner's persona: my favorite sport is basketball.	9 partner's persona: i am an avid runner.	10 partner's persona: i live in canada , near ontario.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is insane clown posse.	6 partner's persona: i love to larp.	7 partner's persona: i am chubby.	8 partner's persona: i work as an interior designer.
6 partner's persona: i have won tap dance competitions.	7 partner's persona: my favorite book is david copperfield.	8 partner's persona: i love to bake cakes.	9 partner's persona: i am really short.	10 partner's persona: i have a twin brother.
6 partner's persona: i use to be a huge superman fan as a child.	7 partner's persona: my biggest fear in life is heights.	8 partner's persona: there s only been one set of twins in my family.	9 partner's persona: i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody s.	10 partner's persona: i ve been cheated on by every ex girlfriend except for one.
5 partner's persona: my daddy brings home flowers for me.	6 partner's persona: my mommy makes me a picnic lunch to eat outside.	7 partner's persona: i sleep in a princess bed.	8 partner's persona: i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
6 partner's persona: i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.	7 partner's persona: i have two siberian huskies.	8 partner's persona: i play guitar.	9 partner's persona: i have four daughters.
6 partner's persona: my grandchildren range in age from 30 to 7.	7 partner's persona: i have 4 children.	8 partner's persona: i am a senior citizen.	9 partner's persona: i like to read.	10 partner's persona: my husband was a career soldier.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	6 partner's persona: i work for a government agency.	7 partner's persona: i like sports.	8 partner's persona: my favorite team is the washington nationals.	9 partner's persona: i prefer baseball over football.
6 partner's persona: i am thin.	7 partner's persona: i like to hunt.	8 partner's persona: i love the tigers baseball team.	9 partner's persona: i am blonde.	10 partner's persona: i like the tv show the walking dead.
6 partner's persona: i helped develop facebook.	7 partner's persona: i make over 200 , 000 per year.	8 partner's persona: i have two pitt bulls.	9 partner's persona: i like to donate time and money to charity.	10 partner's persona: i work as a computer programmer.
6 partner's persona: i wish i could be more serious about school.	7 partner's persona: i have been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.	8 partner's persona: i have lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.	9 partner's persona: i get distracted easily.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy home cooked meals.	7 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is pop.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	9 partner's persona: i like long walks on the beach.
6 partner's persona: i believe in fairytales.	7 partner's persona: i m obsessed with animals.	8 partner's persona: i practice yoga and hike.	9 partner's persona: i love the natural world beauty.	10 partner's persona: my family is poor.
6 partner's persona: i aspire to paint murals.	7 partner's persona: my favorite class is painting.	8 partner's persona: i like to work with acrylics.	9 partner's persona: i have blonde hair.	10 partner's persona: i am in art school.
6 partner's persona: i love eating kale.	7 partner's persona: i am in love with adam levine.	8 partner's persona: i need extra iron in my diet.	9 partner's persona: i have two cats.	10 partner's persona: i have two children under ten.
6 partner's persona: i like to make short films.	7 partner's persona: i have been on the tv news six times.	8 partner's persona: i have traveled overseas many times.	9 partner's persona: my mother is a well known celebrity.	10 partner's persona: i am a civil war reenactment participant.
6 partner's persona: i have a friend named james who secretly rules the world.	7 partner's persona: i have never done drugs because i do not know where to buy them.	8 partner's persona: i love living in texas.	9 partner's persona: ke ha is my favorite singer of all time.	10 partner's persona: pudding makes me gassy.
6 partner's persona: when i have free time , i sketch my favorite characters.	7 partner's persona: i play a lot of video games.	8 partner's persona: i like comic books and anime.	9 partner's persona: i take things very literally.	10 partner's persona: i m gay but i haven t told my parents yet.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping online.	6 partner's persona: i read fantasy fiction novels.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy swimming.	8 partner's persona: i used to work for monsanto.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is radiolead.	7 partner's persona: i own my own small marketing consulting agency.	8 partner's persona: i am married to my wonderful husband.	9 partner's persona: i am a woman.
6 partner's persona: i usually go to bed late.	7 partner's persona: my favorite team is the raptors.	8 partner's persona: i am studying to be a dentist.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is rise against.
6 partner's persona: i am an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.	7 partner's persona: i play guitar on my free time.	8 partner's persona: i like to play video games.	9 partner's persona: i live alone.	10 partner's persona: i am a scientist.
6 partner's persona: my favourite colour is green.	7 partner's persona: i am a baseball player.	8 partner's persona: my dog is called alfred.	9 partner's persona: i like to read books about chinese history.
5 partner's persona: i am an artist.	6 partner's persona: i recently got a cat.	7 partner's persona: i have four children.	8 partner's persona: i love watching game of thrones.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy walking for exercise.
6 partner's persona: my grandpa was in wwii.	7 partner's persona: i do not know how to swim.	8 partner's persona: my favorite genre of music is rock.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is steak.	10 partner's persona: i own a chevy tahoe.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is imagine dragons.	6 partner's persona: i am a father.	7 partner's persona: i m from texas.	8 partner's persona: i work many hours.
5 partner's persona: i currently work at mcdonald.	6 partner's persona: i am eighteen years old.	7 partner's persona: i am saving money to buy my first car.	8 partner's persona: i live with my parents.	9 partner's persona: i am taking a year off before i start college.
5 partner's persona: food and water are essential to me in life.	6 partner's persona: i like watching tv in my free time as well.	7 partner's persona: i have been in 2 car crashes in my life.	8 partner's persona: i am going to school to get a degree now.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	7 partner's persona: i travel often.	8 partner's persona: i ve an iphone.	9 partner's persona: i live with my parents.
5 partner's persona: i go to high school.	6 partner's persona: i am a boy.	7 partner's persona: math is my favorite subject.	8 partner's persona: i live in the united states.	9 partner's persona: i play ice hockey.
6 partner's persona: i live in new york city.	7 partner's persona: i am a writer.	8 partner's persona: i am married.	9 partner's persona: i have ten nieces and nephews.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy going to museums.
6 partner's persona: i have a pug named corky.	7 partner's persona: my favorite place to go is the mall.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy playing tennis.	9 partner's persona: i am single and go on dates regularly.
5 partner's persona: my feet smell.	6 partner's persona: i have brown eyes.	7 partner's persona: i have blonde hair.	8 partner's persona: i love money.
6 partner's persona: my cat died.	7 partner's persona: i have a dog named percy.	8 partner's persona: my poppa has a train set that i play with.	9 partner's persona: i like books about trains.	10 partner's persona: i like thomas the tank engine.
5 partner's persona: i have 2 sisters.	6 partner's persona: my favorite tv show is silicon valley.	7 partner's persona: i am a baker.	8 partner's persona: i like to play tennis.	9 partner's persona: my mother is a dentist.
6 partner's persona: i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.	7 partner's persona: i am not really a blond.	8 partner's persona: i think food trucks are awesome.	9 partner's persona: i am quiet but confident.	10 partner's persona: my brother raised me after our parents died.
6 partner's persona: i like to go on long hikes.	7 partner's persona: i like to play volleyball.	8 partner's persona: i like to come up with new hairstyles.	9 partner's persona: i like to pickle eggs.	10 partner's persona: i like to do my nails.
5 partner's persona: i love the outdoors.	6 partner's persona: i like to garden.	7 partner's persona: i like to build things.	8 partner's persona: i like to travel.
5 partner's persona: i have gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.	6 partner's persona: i have more then 10 tattoos.	7 partner's persona: i am a grown woman.	8 partner's persona: i have never lost a fight.	9 partner's persona: i am in a motorcycle club.
5 partner's persona: my dad is a veteran.	6 partner's persona: i like to play tennis.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is green.	8 partner's persona: i listen to all kinds of music.	9 partner's persona: i love watching funny movies.
5 partner's persona: i have two children under ten.	6 partner's persona: i love eating kale.	7 partner's persona: i have two cats.	8 partner's persona: i need extra iron in my diet.	9 partner's persona: i m in love with adam levine.
5 partner's persona: i own a iphone 7.	6 partner's persona: i am allergic to seafood.	7 partner's persona: i drink hot chocolate during the winter.	8 partner's persona: my father worked 11 hours a day.	9 partner's persona: my mother use to read me bed time stories.
5 partner's persona: my favorite type of music is metal.	6 partner's persona: my parents live in kentucky.	7 partner's persona: i currently am engaged to my high school boyfriend.	8 partner's persona: i love working out.
6 partner's persona: i am a librarian.	7 partner's persona: i live in pittsburgh.	8 partner's persona: i volunteer at an animal shelter.	9 partner's persona: my favorite kind of food is italian.	10 partner's persona: i love going to concerts.
6 partner's persona: my parents don t really speak english , but i speak italian and english.	7 partner's persona: i like to cook.	8 partner's persona: i moved to america when i was 14.	9 partner's persona: i have three children.	10 partner's persona: i got married when i was young.
5 partner's persona: i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.	6 partner's persona: i am not a big fan of waiting in line.	7 partner's persona: i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.	8 partner's persona: i own five pairs of the same pants.
5 partner's persona: i like to draw other people.	6 partner's persona: i love people with a sense of humor.	7 partner's persona: i like to drink tea.	8 partner's persona: i like to eat hard boiled eggs.
5 partner's persona: i prefer headsets over earbuds.	6 partner's persona: i live with my parents.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	8 partner's persona: i ve an iphone.	9 partner's persona: i travel often.
6 partner's persona: i have found the cure for the common cold.	7 partner's persona: my nickname is bubblegum.	8 partner's persona: my brother and i have bright red hair.	9 partner's persona: i love to sing in the shower.
5 partner's persona: i can say the alphabet backwards.	6 partner's persona: i got engaged to be married in paris , france.	7 partner's persona: i ve danced since i was two.	8 partner's persona: i lost my job as a banker a month ago.
5 partner's persona: i m a student.	6 partner's persona: i m in an education program , and hope to teach kindergarten when i graduate.	7 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	8 partner's persona: i like visiting art museums in my spare time.
6 partner's persona: i eat out more than three times a week.	7 partner's persona: i went to an elite ivy league school.	8 partner's persona: i work in finance.	9 partner's persona: i look down on people who didn t.	10 partner's persona: i believe the rich shouldn t be taxed as much.
6 partner's persona: i didn t go to college because i run the family farm.	7 partner's persona: i have never been on an airplane.	8 partner's persona: my favorite season is duck hunting season.	9 partner's persona: i like tailgate parties.
6 partner's persona: i would like to open a restaurant someday.	7 partner's persona: i love creating new recipes.	8 partner's persona: in my free time , i watch movies and sleep.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is hunter green.	10 partner's persona: i am a personal chef.
6 partner's persona: i have a daughter.	7 partner's persona: i love christmas.	8 partner's persona: i like fantasizing.	9 partner's persona: i wish magic was real.
6 partner's persona: i am an aspiring writer.	7 partner's persona: i work as an extra for major motion pictures.	8 partner's persona: i am a talented singer and have won several competitions.	9 partner's persona: i have a set of identical twin brothers.	10 partner's persona: i am a painter and love to create art.
6 partner's persona: i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.	7 partner's persona: i want to be a famous photographer.	8 partner's persona: i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.	9 partner's persona: i like taking pictures.	10 partner's persona: i am a widow.
6 partner's persona: i have a little girl.	7 partner's persona: my hair is long and brown.	8 partner's persona: i wait tables.	9 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.
5 partner's persona: i like to swim.	6 partner's persona: i like to read.	7 partner's persona: my favorite show is thevoice.	8 partner's persona: i am blue and tall.
6 partner's persona: since my dog died i m incomplete.	7 partner's persona: my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.	8 partner's persona: i m a mom with two sons and a husband.	9 partner's persona: i live in a house with a yard.	10 partner's persona: i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.
6 partner's persona: my mother is in the hospital.	7 partner's persona: i have a lot of medical bills.	8 partner's persona: i used to be able to run really fast.	9 partner's persona: i m very familiar with hospitals and doctors.
6 partner's persona: i am on a diet.	7 partner's persona: i am a house wife.	8 partner's persona: i have been married eight years.	9 partner's persona: i can t drive.	10 partner's persona: i am thirty two years old.
6 partner's persona: i drink hot chocolate during the winter.	7 partner's persona: my mother use to read me bed time stories.	8 partner's persona: i am allergic to seafood.	9 partner's persona: i own a iphone 7.
6 partner's persona: i live with my parents.	7 partner's persona: i am taking a year off before i start college.	8 partner's persona: i currently work at mcdonald.	9 partner's persona: i am saving money to buy my first car.
6 partner's persona: i like swimming.	7 partner's persona: i love spicy food.	8 partner's persona: my mother is a housemaid.	9 partner's persona: i am an only child.
5 partner's persona: i like to go out to eat.	6 partner's persona: a hobby of mine is the drums.	7 partner's persona: i like listening to other rap music too.	8 partner's persona: i also enjoy cooking.	9 partner's persona: one of my favorite artists is drake.
6 partner's persona: i like cooking healthy meals.	7 partner's persona: i like to go out to the bars.	8 partner's persona: i like to go to the gym and work out.	9 partner's persona: i am retired.
5 partner's persona: i work at the pizza parlor.	6 partner's persona: my mother was a single mother.	7 partner's persona: i play the drums.	8 partner's persona: i grew up in the projects of chicago.	9 partner's persona: i m the oldest of three boys.
6 partner's persona: i am in my high school band.	7 partner's persona: i really enjoy making friends.	8 partner's persona: i want to be a movie director when i grow up.	9 partner's persona: i play the trumpet.	10 partner's persona: my dad and i own over 600 movies.
6 partner's persona: i m a disappointment to my family.	7 partner's persona: i am the oldest of 5 children.	8 partner's persona: i ve never been to the beach.	9 partner's persona: i love my parrot , todd.
6 partner's persona: i recently had a private lunch with will ferrell.	7 partner's persona: i am a huge fan of classical jazz.	8 partner's persona: i am trying to become a male model in hollywood.	9 partner's persona: i am on a low carb diet.
5 partner's persona: i have 3 ex wives.	6 partner's persona: i do not like acting.	7 partner's persona: i do not like kids.	8 partner's persona: i have 3 ferrari cars in my garage.
5 partner's persona: i like to fly kites.	6 partner's persona: my neighbor comes over all the time to watch rugby with me.	7 partner's persona: i work out every other day.	8 partner's persona: my car broke down last week.
5 partner's persona: my grandchildren range in age from 30 to 7.	6 partner's persona: my husband was a career soldier.	7 partner's persona: i am a senior citizen.	8 partner's persona: i have 4 children.	9 partner's persona: i like to read.
5 partner's persona: i love animals.	6 partner's persona: i am an aspiring singer.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy playing tennis.	8 partner's persona: green is my favorite color.
6 partner's persona: i am a geology major at alabama university.	7 partner's persona: i have a girlfriend of 7 years.	8 partner's persona: i watch every football game at alabama.	9 partner's persona: i never have had alcohol in my life.	10 partner's persona: i currently suffer from social anxiety.
6 partner's persona: i work two jobs as a cashier.	7 partner's persona: i love dark clothes.	8 partner's persona: favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.	9 partner's persona: i love cold weather.
5 partner's persona: i love watching game of thrones.	6 partner's persona: my mom is a checker at the local grocery store.	7 partner's persona: i grew up in alabama.	8 partner's persona: i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.
6 partner's persona: i am a registered nurse.	7 partner's persona: my favorite movie is pretty woman.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy reading.	9 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	10 partner's persona: i have two smartphones.
5 partner's persona: i like to go swimming.	6 partner's persona: i have epilepsy.	7 partner's persona: i like to read.	8 partner's persona: my parents are not married anymore.	9 partner's persona: i have one son.
6 partner's persona: i have a cat named jasper.	7 partner's persona: i work as a barista.	8 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	9 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.
5 partner's persona: my older sister plays clarinet.	6 partner's persona: i have a pomeranian.	7 partner's persona: i have entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.	8 partner's persona: my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
5 partner's persona: i like lightning mcqueen.	6 partner's persona: i like to play basketball.	7 partner's persona: grandpa takes me to get ice cream.	8 partner's persona: my grandma likes to make pizza with me.
5 partner's persona: i have a pet lizard named gila.	6 partner's persona: i am an only child.	7 partner's persona: i have brown eyes.	8 partner's persona: i really love plants.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is pruple.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy playing tennis.	7 partner's persona: i am an aspiring singer.	8 partner's persona: my father worked for ge.	9 partner's persona: green is my favorite color.	10 partner's persona: i love animals.
5 partner's persona: i m a vegetarian but i eat fish , especially sushi.	6 partner's persona: my parents pay my rent.	7 partner's persona: i graduated college and immediately went to graduate school.	8 partner's persona: i like to shop.
5 partner's persona: i spend the weekends travelling up to canada to relax and enjoy the view.	6 partner's persona: my name is frank.	7 partner's persona: i hope to someday compete professionally or atleast qualify for an event.	8 partner's persona: my hobbies include reading and cycling.	9 partner's persona: i m the general manager of the local grocery store.
5 partner's persona: i am 6 foot tall.	6 partner's persona: i love to dance.	7 partner's persona: i used to play hockey.	8 partner's persona: i like to go running.	9 partner's persona: i have asthma.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy listening to country music.	7 partner's persona: i live life to its fullest.	8 partner's persona: i have a crummy job at scrubway.	9 partner's persona: i am in college.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy playing video games.
6 partner's persona: i have one sister and a niece and nephew.	7 partner's persona: i m 49 , male and live in dublin , ireland.	8 partner's persona: i m almost finished with my degree.	9 partner's persona: i take care of my mother and father.
6 partner's persona: i m a perfectionist.	7 partner's persona: i take forever to get tasks done so i start early and clock out late.	8 partner's persona: i think i need a vacation.	9 partner's persona: i work too much.
5 partner's persona: i love the colors yellow and teal.	6 partner's persona: i collect stamps.	7 partner's persona: i am a mortician.	8 partner's persona: my favorite movie is dirty harry.
6 partner's persona: my doctor told me i have six months to live.	7 partner's persona: i like having fried fish for supper.	8 partner's persona: i am allergic to lactose.	9 partner's persona: i am really terrible at doing regular expressions.
6 partner's persona: i have an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.	7 partner's persona: i collect comic books.	8 partner's persona: i only eat organic food.	9 partner's persona: i own two snakes.	10 partner's persona: i am allergic to dust.
6 partner's persona: i have been married 3 times.	7 partner's persona: i am a police officer.	8 partner's persona: i hate the holidays.	9 partner's persona: i drive a ford truck.
5 partner's persona: my favorite city is new york.	6 partner's persona: i love to run.	7 partner's persona: my wife just left me.	8 partner's persona: i am a lawyer.
6 partner's persona: i shop online , too much.	7 partner's persona: i like to drink.	8 partner's persona: i don t believe in love.	9 partner's persona: i write children s books.
5 partner's persona: i have purple hair.	6 partner's persona: my favorite book is the tale of genii.	7 partner's persona: my mom died when i was six.	8 partner's persona: i am a petsitter.
5 partner's persona: i love watching basketball.	6 partner's persona: i sing barbershop and rap.	7 partner's persona: i love to take naps.	8 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.
6 partner's persona: i like to drink chai tea before bed every night.	7 partner's persona: my dog is my best friend.	8 partner's persona: i am terrified of spiders , but love snakes.	9 partner's persona: at all times , i am wearing something black.	10 partner's persona: i work as a computer technician , but secretly hate my job.
5 partner's persona: i have a lizard named nagini.	6 partner's persona: my mother lives with me.	7 partner's persona: i like to take my dog for long walks.	8 partner's persona: i like to plant flowers in my gardens.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy cooking for people.
5 partner's persona: i just graduated high school with honors.	6 partner's persona: i am going to majoring in business.	7 partner's persona: i just bought my first car.	8 partner's persona: i received a full scholarship to florida state university.	9 partner's persona: i am eighteen years old.
6 partner's persona: i love animals , especially dogs.	7 partner's persona: i like field hockey and soccer.	8 partner's persona: when i grow up , i want to be a veterinarian.	9 partner's persona: i get good grades in school.
5 partner's persona: i live in upstate new york.	6 partner's persona: i live with my husband and two children.	7 partner's persona: i love to take road trips.	8 partner's persona: i work as a meeting coordinator.
5 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time driving my kids to sports events.	6 partner's persona: i am a member of four book clubs , the pta , and two bunch groups.	7 partner's persona: i still dream about going to paris and designing clothes.	8 partner's persona: i drink a lot of apple martinis when i get a girls night out.
6 partner's persona: i am a truck driver.	7 partner's persona: i spend my weekends camping.	8 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is playing recreational baseball.	9 partner's persona: my wife and two kids camp with me.	10 partner's persona: i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.
6 partner's persona: i like to make bagels.	7 partner's persona: i am a cartographer.	8 partner's persona: i like to arm wrestle.	9 partner's persona: i like to paint outdoors.
5 partner's persona: i have been at my job for seven years.	6 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	7 partner's persona: i like to read.	8 partner's persona: i love country music.
5 partner's persona: i work in a warehouse.	6 partner's persona: my wife and i enjoy long sunday drives.	7 partner's persona: i have a collection of video games.	8 partner's persona: my son is a straight a student.
5 partner's persona: my favorite place is the beach.	6 partner's persona: i am married.	7 partner's persona: teaching is my passion.	8 partner's persona: i love to read.	9 partner's persona: my husband is a cop.
5 partner's persona: i love animals.	6 partner's persona: my favorite band is a fine frenzy.	7 partner's persona: i work at a hotel.	8 partner's persona: i love reading.
6 partner's persona: i like to watch anime.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy all things my little pony.	8 partner's persona: i like being weird.	9 partner's persona: i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.
5 partner's persona: i have a cat named pickles.	6 partner's persona: my parents met at woodstock.	7 partner's persona: i have a beautiful rose garden.	8 partner's persona: i love starbucks coffee.	9 partner's persona: i was a swimmer in college.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is the muggers.	7 partner's persona: i could never be locked down to one partner.	8 partner's persona: my dreams are often bizarre.	9 partner's persona: i go surfing any chance i get.
6 partner's persona: connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.	7 partner's persona: i work in a factory.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy travel.	9 partner's persona: i love to drive my car.	10 partner's persona: i like watching ufc fights.
5 partner's persona: my dad is a dentist and my mom is a teacher.	6 partner's persona: my major is in business administration.	7 partner's persona: i am a college student.	8 partner's persona: i ve been in a relationship for 2 years.
5 partner's persona: i work for a beer distributor.	6 partner's persona: i am married.	7 partner's persona: i have a toddler.	8 partner's persona: my favorite singer is taylor swift.
6 partner's persona: my mom is my best friend.	7 partner's persona: i have four sisters.	8 partner's persona: i believe that mermaids are real.	9 partner's persona: i love iced tea.
6 partner's persona: i was once on the local news , and not for anything illegal.	7 partner's persona: i ve never been to the west coast of the united states.	8 partner's persona: i ve been to canada two times my entire life.	9 partner's persona: my uncle use to work on fish boats in florida.	10 partner's persona: my father use to drive a taxi cab in the 1970 s.
5 partner's persona: i am thin.	6 partner's persona: i like the tv show the walking dead.	7 partner's persona: i like to hunt.	8 partner's persona: i love the tigers baseball team.
5 partner's persona: i am a registered nurse.	6 partner's persona: i have two smartphones.	7 partner's persona: my favorite movie is pretty woman.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy reading.
5 partner's persona: my favorite musician is bruno mars.	6 partner's persona: i am an accountant.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy running.	8 partner's persona: i have 2 dogs.	9 partner's persona: i drive a red car.
6 partner's persona: i had one step dad , and fortunately he ignored me.	7 partner's persona: i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured.	8 partner's persona: i hate that i got my brain from the dad i never met.	9 partner's persona: i don t know if i enjoy programming , or if it s my only choice.	10 partner's persona: my last name is spanish , but i tell people that it s italian.
6 partner's persona: i want to go to mars.	7 partner's persona: i know karate.	8 partner's persona: i am a scientist.	9 partner's persona: i have 3 kids.	10 partner's persona: i am an avid artist.
5 partner's persona: i live on a ranch.	6 partner's persona: i am 21 years old.	7 partner's persona: i am a cheerleader.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy the outdoors.
6 partner's persona: i have several siblings i don t know.	7 partner's persona: i work at a local party store.	8 partner's persona: i was adopted.	9 partner's persona: christmas is my favorite holiday.	10 partner's persona: i met my birth mother when i was sixteen.
6 partner's persona: i have braces.	7 partner's persona: i just started the tenth grade and my concentration is in science.	8 partner's persona: my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.	9 partner's persona: i am fifteen years old.
5 partner's persona: i do not own a television.	6 partner's persona: i know how to pilot a plane.	7 partner's persona: i am a lawyer.	8 partner's persona: my hobby is photography.	9 partner's persona: i live in the mountains.
6 partner's persona: i like to hike and spend time outdoors.	7 partner's persona: i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.	8 partner's persona: i am a guy that enjoys being a guy.	9 partner's persona: i am close to my mother , but not to my father.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is worn.	7 partner's persona: i own a home.	8 partner's persona: i like swimming.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is purple.
6 partner's persona: i work as a grill cook.	7 partner's persona: my dream is to own my own restaurant.	8 partner's persona: running is a hobby.	9 partner's persona: i am looking for a second job.	10 partner's persona: my favorite band is pink floyd.
5 partner's persona: i cannot stand clutter or dust.	6 partner's persona: i have horrible allergies.	7 partner's persona: i still love my cat despite all this.	8 partner's persona: i spend an hour getting ready in the morning.	9 partner's persona: when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.
6 partner's persona: i sing in the church choir every sunday.	7 partner's persona: i favorite brand of clothing is donna karen.	8 partner's persona: i love to read the bible before i go to bed.	9 partner's persona: i am an middle school teacher for 8th grade.	10 partner's persona: i love to go to the symphony orchestra.
6 partner's persona: i wish that i lived in the city.	7 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.	8 partner's persona: i dislike animals.	9 partner's persona: i live on a pig farm.
6 partner's persona: i like action movies.	7 partner's persona: my father is a doctor.	8 partner's persona: i drive a restored mustang.	9 partner's persona: i play football.	10 partner's persona: i am a college student.
5 partner's persona: my weakness are sweets.	6 partner's persona: i am a jack of all , master of none.	7 partner's persona: i am unsociable.	8 partner's persona: i live to not disappoint my loved ones.
5 partner's persona: i play football.	6 partner's persona: the name of my team is the baltimore ravens.	7 partner's persona: i am an athlete.	8 partner's persona: i had 128 tackles last year.	9 partner's persona: my position is linebacker.
5 partner's persona: i like to go fishing on my viking boat.	6 partner's persona: i am a viking.	7 partner's persona: i have a big beard.	8 partner's persona: my hobbies include pillaging and fine dining.
6 partner's persona: my husband is a pastor.	7 partner's persona: i do not like to clean house.	8 partner's persona: my hair is curly and dark.	9 partner's persona: i have two children.
6 partner's persona: i still have a thick accent so words like hippopotamus are difficult.	7 partner's persona: i teach both japanese and drawing classes.	8 partner's persona: i came from japan to teach high school over 10 years ago.	9 partner's persona: my dogs name is wonton.	10 partner's persona: i am still single at the age of 35.
5 partner's persona: i love to read crime novels.	6 partner's persona: i eat 6 eggs every morning for breakfast.	7 partner's persona: i am a zookeeper.	8 partner's persona: my right foot only has 3 toes.	9 partner's persona: my favorite animal is the panda.
6 partner's persona: i started a new job this year , which is helping me learn more about socialization.	7 partner's persona: i take everything literally.	8 partner's persona: i am very genuine , and don t like small talk.	9 partner's persona: i have a very good memory.	10 partner's persona: i have aspergers.
5 partner's persona: i live in a big city.	6 partner's persona: i like italian cousine.	7 partner's persona: i work in the office , 9 till 5.	8 partner's persona: sometimes i go to yoga classes.	9 partner's persona: this summer i went on vacation to italy.
6 partner's persona: my favorite auto is a bentley.	7 partner's persona: i am six feet tall.	8 partner's persona: i like to go to the opera.	9 partner's persona: i love to vacation in paris.
6 partner's persona: i work as a veterinarian.	7 partner's persona: my favorite music is hip hop.	8 partner's persona: i am married and have five children.	9 partner's persona: my birthplace is spain.	10 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.
5 partner's persona: i have three children.	6 partner's persona: i am a teacher.	7 partner's persona: i live in the suburbs of a major city.	8 partner's persona: i like to garden.	9 partner's persona: i graduated college for secondary english education.
6 partner's persona: i got married when i was young.	7 partner's persona: i like to cook.	8 partner's persona: i moved to america when i was 14.	9 partner's persona: my parents don t really speak english , but i speak italian and english.
6 partner's persona: i collect seashells.	7 partner's persona: i have two chiuahuahs.	8 partner's persona: i am a yoga instructor.	9 partner's persona: i love horses.
6 partner's persona: i have a lot of style.	7 partner's persona: when i m stressed , i overeat.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy organizing my surroundings.	9 partner's persona: i love kids.	10 partner's persona: i m a kindergarten teacher.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	6 partner's persona: i do not like animals.	7 partner's persona: i like to role play.	8 partner's persona: i am a morning person.
6 partner's persona: i have purple hair.	7 partner's persona: i am a petsitter.	8 partner's persona: my dad is a college professor.	9 partner's persona: my mom died when i was six.	10 partner's persona: my favorite book is the tale of genii.
5 partner's persona: i have had the same job for 8 years.	6 partner's persona: my favorite band is the rolling stones.	7 partner's persona: mo mother worked as a nurse.	8 partner's persona: i like to play guitar.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy playing computer games.	6 partner's persona: i love when my pets visit me in bed.	7 partner's persona: i am confined to my bed.	8 partner's persona: i am glad that i work from home.
6 partner's persona: i prefer summer.	7 partner's persona: i don t like dresses.	8 partner's persona: my favorite hero is flash.	9 partner's persona: i love butterflies.	10 partner's persona: i type one handed.
5 partner's persona: once a year , i take a week off and head to florida.	6 partner's persona: sometimes i feel like i have already been through life once before.	7 partner's persona: i was diagnosed with mild ocd in college.	8 partner's persona: i work as a freelance accountant.
5 partner's persona: i am a 43 year old woman.	6 partner's persona: my hair is short and pink.	7 partner's persona: i work as a freight truck driver.	8 partner's persona: i love to travel.
5 partner's persona: i have trained over 20 types of animals.	6 partner's persona: i work with my wife.	7 partner's persona: my wife is a breast cancer survivor.	8 partner's persona: i am a zookeeper.	9 partner's persona: my daughter just graduated high school ranked at the top of her class.
6 partner's persona: my name is sarah.	7 partner's persona: i am a school teacher.	8 partner's persona: i teach 5th grade students near oakville , ny.	9 partner's persona: i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.
5 partner's persona: i did not finish college.	6 partner's persona: my favorite movie is the last of the mohicans.	7 partner's persona: my car is over 20 years old.	8 partner's persona: my dad was a preacher.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy reading.	7 partner's persona: my favorite movie is pretty woman.	8 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	9 partner's persona: i am a registered nurse.
6 partner's persona: i work as a computer programmer.	7 partner's persona: i make over 200 , 000 per year.	8 partner's persona: i have two pitt bulls.	9 partner's persona: i helped develop facebook.	10 partner's persona: i like to donate time and money to charity.
6 partner's persona: i love to go to the lake.	7 partner's persona: i am a happy person.	8 partner's persona: i love to take walks.	9 partner's persona: i love to knit and crochet.	10 partner's persona: i love to listen to music.
6 partner's persona: i like to travel.	7 partner's persona: i have traveled to both ireland and australia.	8 partner's persona: my father was born in australia.	9 partner's persona: my father was an author.
6 partner's persona: i will work hard for whatever i want.	7 partner's persona: i want people to notice me.	8 partner's persona: i often play the clown to get attention.	9 partner's persona: i care deeply for my friends and others close to me.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	7 partner's persona: i collect stamps.	8 partner's persona: everyday i go swimming at the y.	9 partner's persona: i love going to concerts on the weekend.
5 partner's persona: i love dogs.	6 partner's persona: i am a photographer.	7 partner's persona: i have 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.	8 partner's persona: i like to drink at bars with friends.	9 partner's persona: i have a sleeve of tattoos.
6 partner's persona: i am a savage.	7 partner's persona: i love the outdoors.	8 partner's persona: i work for the discovery channel creating videos.	9 partner's persona: i have no technological skills.
5 partner's persona: cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.	6 partner's persona: my credit cards are maxed out.	7 partner's persona: i still call my ex boyfriend on his birthday because birthdays are special.	8 partner's persona: i like the color purple.	9 partner's persona: i drive a fast sports car.
6 partner's persona: i am a cartographer.	7 partner's persona: i used to be a nurse.	8 partner's persona: i like to arm wrestle.	9 partner's persona: i like to paint outdoors.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	7 partner's persona: i have two tattoos.	8 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is knitting.	9 partner's persona: i work in an office.	10 partner's persona: i have a cat named speckles.
5 partner's persona: i love to sing.	6 partner's persona: i ca swim very fast.	7 partner's persona: i love to run.	8 partner's persona: i have a lot of trophies from my childhood.	9 partner's persona: my favorite past time is cooking.
6 partner's persona: i also like to mountain bike.	7 partner's persona: i love to hike.	8 partner's persona: i live in vermont.	9 partner's persona: i have visited 12 national parks in the us.
5 partner's persona: i live in an apartment.	6 partner's persona: i am one of four siblings.	7 partner's persona: i like to draw.	8 partner's persona: my mother is a teacher.
6 partner's persona: i do not eat healthy.	7 partner's persona: i have 3 kids.	8 partner's persona: i like the group the rolling stones.	9 partner's persona: i need a soda with me at all times.
5 partner's persona: i try to watch what i eat.	6 partner's persona: my name is tom.	7 partner's persona: i am east asian.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy eating italian food.	9 partner's persona: pizza is my favorite.
6 partner's persona: i am a truck driver.	7 partner's persona: we lived in virginia while i was growing up.	8 partner's persona: my father was a cop.	9 partner's persona: i know how to drive a stickshift.	10 partner's persona: my mother was a teacher.
6 partner's persona: i do not have a good social life.	7 partner's persona: i eat mainly chinese food.	8 partner's persona: i am a night owl.	9 partner's persona: i am single and live alone.	10 partner's persona: i make robots for a living.
5 partner's persona: my hobby is sewing.	6 partner's persona: i like to go swimming.	7 partner's persona: i have a garden in my yard.	8 partner's persona: i like to make fresh pies.
5 partner's persona: i am a waitress at a local restaurant.	6 partner's persona: i am a casual dresser.	7 partner's persona: my car needs some repairs.	8 partner's persona: my favorite band is nirvana.	9 partner's persona: i am overall happy with life.
5 partner's persona: i smoke a pipe.	6 partner's persona: i have been married five times.	7 partner's persona: i love to eat eggplant.	8 partner's persona: i won the spelling bee in third grade.
5 partner's persona: i grew up in new hampshire.	6 partner's persona: i love to dance.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy reading history books.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican.
6 partner's persona: i owe two laptops.	7 partner's persona: i love chocolate.	8 partner's persona: i love watching anime.	9 partner's persona: my grandparents are dead.	10 partner's persona: i ve a flower garden.
6 partner's persona: i live alone.	7 partner's persona: i am an environmental engineer.	8 partner's persona: i live in portland , maine.	9 partner's persona: i like to take photos.
6 partner's persona: i am failing some of my classes.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy electronic music.	8 partner's persona: i fantasize about living in another country.	9 partner's persona: i am in a lot of debt.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy nature.
5 partner's persona: this season , i will become a playoff quarterback.	6 partner's persona: last season i was just getting started.	7 partner's persona: i play for the philadelphia eagles.	8 partner's persona: i play quarterback.
6 partner's persona: i play quarterback.	7 partner's persona: last season i was just getting started.	8 partner's persona: this is my second year in the league.	9 partner's persona: i play for the philadelphia eagles.	10 partner's persona: this season , i will become a playoff quarterback.
5 partner's persona: i like to ride horses.	6 partner's persona: i am argentinian.	7 partner's persona: i like to wear boots.	8 partner's persona: i like to eat beef.
5 partner's persona: i have one cat.	6 partner's persona: i am not thin.	7 partner's persona: i like to sew.	8 partner's persona: my hair is brown.
6 partner's persona: i have found the cure for the common cold.	7 partner's persona: i am plotting on taking over the world.	8 partner's persona: my nickname is bubblegum.	9 partner's persona: my brother and i have bright red hair.
5 partner's persona: i m very religious.	6 partner's persona: i just took a trip to london.	7 partner's persona: i love to watch game shows.	8 partner's persona: i hate green beans.	9 partner's persona: i m easily agitated.
6 partner's persona: i am rich beyond my dreams.	7 partner's persona: i used to work a 9 5 job as a telemarketer.	8 partner's persona: one day i played the lottery.	9 partner's persona: i hit for over forty million dollars.	10 partner's persona: i will never punch a clock again.
5 partner's persona: my three ring binder has my drawings of ponies all over it.	6 partner's persona: i could eat less.	7 partner's persona: my dream is to be a veterinarian.	8 partner's persona: people say i talk when i am not supposed to.	9 partner's persona: i hate that my mom made me get braces.
6 partner's persona: i love my girlfriend.	7 partner's persona: i have an older brother.	8 partner's persona: i dyed my hair pink.	9 partner's persona: i live in the city.
6 partner's persona: i have really long fingernails.	7 partner's persona: i hate wearing make up.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.	9 partner's persona: i own a hot pink moped.
6 partner's persona: my mother is a ballerina.	7 partner's persona: i plan to retire in 6 months.	8 partner's persona: i have the support of my whole family.	9 partner's persona: i have studied ballet all my life.	10 partner's persona: i am a white dancer.
5 partner's persona: i drive a lifted chevy truck.	6 partner's persona: my favorite food is steak cooked well done.	7 partner's persona: i always have a beer after work.	8 partner's persona: i am a roofer.
6 partner's persona: i am still in love with my ex boyfriend.	7 partner's persona: i love to cook for my family and friends.	8 partner's persona: i am a female and love to be surrounded by males.	9 partner's persona: people say i have a cute laugh.	10 partner's persona: i working in a publishing building.
6 partner's persona: i like to go hunting.	7 partner's persona: i am a meat eater.	8 partner's persona: i love country music.	9 partner's persona: i like football on tv.	10 partner's persona: i drive a big truck.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is grey.	7 partner's persona: i love to do yoga.	8 partner's persona: i work for a newspaper.	9 partner's persona: my passion is writing.
6 partner's persona: my son is a football player.	7 partner's persona: i am an american citizen.	8 partner's persona: going to the beach is my favorite past time.	9 partner's persona: i like reading mystery novels.	10 partner's persona: i love pizza.
5 partner's persona: i m very shy.	6 partner's persona: i m a children s librarian.	7 partner's persona: i m recently divorced.	8 partner's persona: i have no children of my own.
5 partner's persona: i am a girl.	6 partner's persona: i own a car.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	8 partner's persona: i love dogs.	9 partner's persona: i love sushi.
5 partner's persona: my favorite drink is pepsi.	6 partner's persona: i like reading horror novels.	7 partner's persona: i work as a librarian.
6 partner's persona: i go visit them sometimes.	7 partner's persona: my mother is a social worker for the school system.	8 partner's persona: she likes to grow plants in her garden.	9 partner's persona: i work at a grocery store.	10 partner's persona: my best friend lives in a big city.
6 partner's persona: i love to run.	7 partner's persona: my favorite city is new york.	8 partner's persona: my wife just left me.	9 partner's persona: i am a lawyer.
5 partner's persona: i have two full sleeves of tattoos.	6 partner's persona: i love to travel.	7 partner's persona: i work as a freight truck driver.	8 partner's persona: i am a 43 year old woman.	9 partner's persona: my hair is short and pink.
6 partner's persona: i am a military veteran.	7 partner's persona: i have been married for 20 years.	8 partner's persona: i volunteer at my local animal shelter.	9 partner's persona: i love travelling and discovering new cultures.	10 partner's persona: my favorite sport is football.
5 partner's persona: my name is mary and i am from colorado.	6 partner's persona: my favorite band is one direction.	7 partner's persona: i love to hike in the summer.	8 partner's persona: the weather here is very cold , but so beautiful in the spring.
6 partner's persona: i have a pet skunk.	7 partner's persona: my masters degree is in italian literature.	8 partner's persona: my brother thinks he is a viking.	9 partner's persona: my nails are painted green.
5 partner's persona: i know how to drive a truck.	6 partner's persona: i was born in kansas.	7 partner's persona: i love chickens.	8 partner's persona: i eat eggs for breakfast.
5 partner's persona: my passion is in programming.	6 partner's persona: i am in school to be a computer engineer.	7 partner's persona: my best friend is gay.	8 partner's persona: one day i hope to own my own company.	9 partner's persona: i go to bed pretty late.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	7 partner's persona: i post on reduit often.	8 partner's persona: i am an insurance salesman.	9 partner's persona: i love to ride my bike on the weekend.
5 partner's persona: i make 35 million a year.	6 partner's persona: i live in ahuge mansion.	7 partner's persona: i play for the washington wizards.	8 partner's persona: i went to college in maryland.	9 partner's persona: i am a professional basketball player.
6 partner's persona: she taught me to cook.	7 partner's persona: she died when i was 18.	8 partner's persona: i opened up a restaurant three years later.	9 partner's persona: i have a dog.
5 partner's persona: i love dogs.	6 partner's persona: my dad was a carsalesman.	7 partner's persona: i am a happy person.	8 partner's persona: i like to fish.	9 partner's persona: i love to cook.
6 partner's persona: i am single.	7 partner's persona: i work at a restaurant as waiter.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	9 partner's persona: my father used to be a cop.
5 partner's persona: i like to watch make up tutorials in youtube.	6 partner's persona: i started taking beauty classes too.	7 partner's persona: through them i ve learned to make up myself and others.	8 partner's persona: i ve reached 50k subscribers !.	9 partner's persona: recently i started a youtube channel where i share make up tutorials too.
5 partner's persona: i am a small business owner.	6 partner's persona: my clients are gamblers.	7 partner's persona: i help them win a lot of money.	8 partner's persona: i give out sports information.
5 partner's persona: i like to create art.	6 partner's persona: i am an older guy.	7 partner's persona: i love to eat sushi and pizza.	8 partner's persona: i love to work in my garden.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is ween.
5 partner's persona: i love to eat pita bread with hummus.	6 partner's persona: i am bipolar.	7 partner's persona: i am a mother of three.	8 partner's persona: i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.	9 partner's persona: i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
5 partner's persona: i care about the way i look when i am in public.	6 partner's persona: i think i am fabulous.	7 partner's persona: i shop online a lot.	8 partner's persona: i check my reflection in the mirror constantly.
6 partner's persona: i am a vegetarian.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is nickelback.	8 partner's persona: i am catholic.	9 partner's persona: i just started working as a librarian.
6 partner's persona: i love to sew.	7 partner's persona: i have a cat.	8 partner's persona: my mother was a nurse.	9 partner's persona: i wait tables at a cafe.	10 partner's persona: i like to be alone.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy playing soccer.	6 partner's persona: i work in finance.	7 partner's persona: i live walking distance from work.	8 partner's persona: i do not like coffee.
6 partner's persona: i am an amateur chef who cooks 5 different cuisines.	7 partner's persona: i like to play video games.	8 partner's persona: i play guitar on my free time.	9 partner's persona: i am a scientist.
5 partner's persona: i have a pomeranian.	6 partner's persona: i play the violin.	7 partner's persona: my older sister plays clarinet.	8 partner's persona: i have entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.	9 partner's persona: my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.
5 partner's persona: i am engaged to be married.	6 partner's persona: my parents are divorced.	7 partner's persona: i am in a local theater company.	8 partner's persona: i love animals and like working with them.
5 partner's persona: my landlord is raising my rent.	6 partner's persona: i am an excellent baker.	7 partner's persona: i went to law school.	8 partner's persona: i was born on christmas day.
6 partner's persona: i will be on bed rest for the next 5 months.	7 partner's persona: i already have 3 children.	8 partner's persona: i have thrown up every day for the last 3 months with morning sickness.	9 partner's persona: i am 26 years old.
6 partner's persona: i take everything literally.	7 partner's persona: i started a new job this year , which is helping me learn more about socialization.	8 partner's persona: i have aspergers.	9 partner's persona: i have a very good memory.
6 partner's persona: my parents were scientists.	7 partner's persona: i work as a scientist.	8 partner's persona: i like the beatles.	9 partner's persona: i am in gymnastics.	10 partner's persona: i am well built and tall.
6 partner's persona: my favorite show is csi.	7 partner's persona: i once swam with manta rays.	8 partner's persona: i hate winter and the cold.	9 partner's persona: i would like to work for the smithsonian.	10 partner's persona: my parents are lawyers.
6 partner's persona: i am a stay at home mom.	7 partner's persona: one of my favorite shows is face off on say.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy cooking but not baking.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy a good run.
6 partner's persona: i i love logical and rational thinking.	7 partner's persona: i love computers.	8 partner's persona: i am considered a nerd by many.	9 partner's persona: i started working at google last week on self driving car research.	10 partner's persona: i am very good at math and science.
5 partner's persona: favorite band is the beetles.	6 partner's persona: i collect stamps.	7 partner's persona: i have a large cd collection.	8 partner's persona: i like vintage furniture.
6 partner's persona: i love christmas.	7 partner's persona: i wish magic was real.	8 partner's persona: i like getting packages in the mail.	9 partner's persona: i have a daughter.	10 partner's persona: i like fantasizing.
6 partner's persona: i m a four year old girl with brown eyes and hair.	7 partner's persona: my daddy brings home flowers for me.	8 partner's persona: i sleep in a princess bed.	9 partner's persona: i like playing outside in the sun with my dolls.
5 partner's persona: i am allergic to lactose.	6 partner's persona: i like having fried fish for supper.	7 partner's persona: my doctor told me i have six months to live.	8 partner's persona: i am really terrible at doing regular expressions.	9 partner's persona: my favorite singer is justin bieber.
5 partner's persona: i work part time.	6 partner's persona: i live with a roommate.	7 partner's persona: i don t like beer.	8 partner's persona: my favorite animal is the koala.
6 partner's persona: i have a parrot named parrot.	7 partner's persona: i have male pattern baldness.	8 partner's persona: i was born in baton rouge.	9 partner's persona: i am a classily trained chef.
6 partner's persona: i like to play baseball.	7 partner's persona: i am a doctor.	8 partner's persona: my wife is a nurse.	9 partner's persona: my favorite place is the mountains.	10 partner's persona: i have 2 kids.
5 partner's persona: i help my neighbor.	6 partner's persona: i live in a city.	7 partner's persona: i likw to go to the farmers markets to buy local veggies and fruits.	8 partner's persona: i am a grandmother.	9 partner's persona: i have a dog and we go for walks.
5 partner's persona: i work at a smoothie shop.	6 partner's persona: i listen to classic rock.	7 partner's persona: i watch basketball.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy eating vegetarian food.
6 partner's persona: i know how to play the guitar.	7 partner's persona: i am an avid fisherman.	8 partner's persona: i hate fast food.	9 partner's persona: i have a george foreman grill at home.	10 partner's persona: i like to race go carts.
5 partner's persona: i tutor kids in my spare time.	6 partner's persona: i have 3 small dogs.	7 partner's persona: i used to be very religious.	8 partner's persona: i have a personal trainer.	9 partner's persona: i love to ride bikes.
5 partner's persona: i like to go to the opera.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy classical music.	7 partner's persona: my favorite auto is a bentley.	8 partner's persona: i am six feet tall.
6 partner's persona: i can run very fast for long distances.	7 partner's persona: i drink a lot of caffeine.	8 partner's persona: i am very skinny and energetic.	9 partner's persona: i have a cheap car my dad gave me.	10 partner's persona: i have a very unhealthy diet.
6 partner's persona: i like to plant flowers in my gardens.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy cooking for people.	8 partner's persona: i have a lizard named nagini.	9 partner's persona: i like to take my dog for long walks.
6 partner's persona: i like to play soccer.	7 partner's persona: i have a little sister.	8 partner's persona: my favorite book is pride and prejudice.	9 partner's persona: i have a golden retriever.	10 partner's persona: my favorite subject in school is math.
5 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.	7 partner's persona: i work as a barista.	8 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	9 partner's persona: i have a cat named jasper.
4 partner's persona: my mother was born in ireland.	5 partner's persona: i like to travel.	6 partner's persona: my father was an author.	7 partner's persona: my father was born in australia.
5 partner's persona: i am a mechanic.	6 partner's persona: i like to surf.	7 partner's persona: i own a corvette.	8 partner's persona: i own a german shepard.	9 partner's persona: i live in california.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy dressing up to go out clubbing.	7 partner's persona: i don t think my girlfriend understands.	8 partner's persona: i hope to one day be happy with myself.	9 partner's persona: i love her though.
6 partner's persona: i am a lesbian.	7 partner's persona: i work in tv.	8 partner's persona: i like to cook breakfast on sundays.	9 partner's persona: i love to sing.
5 partner's persona: i own my own small marketing consulting agency.	6 partner's persona: i am married to my wonderful husband.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is radiolead.	8 partner's persona: we have two dogs small dogs.
5 partner's persona: i would like to move some place warmer.	6 partner's persona: i like watching reality television shows.	7 partner's persona: i am an out of work farmhand.	8 partner's persona: i live in kansas.
6 partner's persona: i think i need botox soon.	7 partner's persona: i haven t had to work a day in my life.	8 partner's persona: i don t know why my sister in law dislikes me.	9 partner's persona: i went to school for fashion design and did nothing with it.	10 partner's persona: i m fabulous from my on trend haircut to my louis vuittons.
6 partner's persona: i am a people person.	7 partner's persona: i love adventures like mountain climbing.	8 partner's persona: but i am a frustrated driver.	9 partner's persona: i am a mother of 2 daughters.	10 partner's persona: my husband works at a telecom.
6 partner's persona: i recently lost both my parents to an automobile accident.	7 partner's persona: i am a model building enthusiast.	8 partner's persona: i love going to comedy clubs.	9 partner's persona: i like camping and the outdoors in general.	10 partner's persona: i am originally from london , england.
6 partner's persona: i go to high school.	7 partner's persona: i live in the united states.	8 partner's persona: i am a boy.	9 partner's persona: i play ice hockey.	10 partner's persona: math is my favorite subject.
5 partner's persona: i had to get a job early as a child.	6 partner's persona: i never learned how to swim.	7 partner's persona: i like anime shows.	8 partner's persona: my mother passed away in 1979.	9 partner's persona: i am a meat eater.
6 partner's persona: i like tacos.	7 partner's persona: i talk in my sleep.	8 partner's persona: i watch a movie sundays evenings.	9 partner's persona: i love folk metal.	10 partner's persona: i own a cat.
5 partner's persona: i hate green beans.	6 partner's persona: i m easily agitated.	7 partner's persona: i m very religious.	8 partner's persona: i just took a trip to london.	9 partner's persona: i love to watch game shows.
6 partner's persona: i also love orange juice.	7 partner's persona: i am 10 years old.	8 partner's persona: i love ham and cheese sandwiches.	9 partner's persona: my name is arnold.	10 partner's persona: i like to watch tv.
6 partner's persona: i have three daughters.	7 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm in kansas.	8 partner's persona: my wife and i like to go scuba diving.	9 partner's persona: i love to go horseback riding.	10 partner's persona: i m a police officer in a suburb of detroit.
6 partner's persona: i walk three miles home every night.	7 partner's persona: my favorite mortal kombat character is mileena.	8 partner's persona: i always wear something purple.	9 partner's persona: i work in fast food.	10 partner's persona: i m looking for krav maga classes near my home.
6 partner's persona: i play in a nfl fantasy football league.	7 partner's persona: i like nfl and college football.	8 partner's persona: my favorite fiction genres are sci fi and horror.	9 partner's persona: i am a georgia resident.
5 partner's persona: i love watching funny movies.	6 partner's persona: i listen to all kinds of music.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is green.	8 partner's persona: i like to play tennis.
5 partner's persona: my favorite singer is jess greenberg.	6 partner's persona: just this past week i got a job cleaning gutters.	7 partner's persona: i spend every waking hour i can at the archery center.	8 partner's persona: i ride a motorcycle , but it s not a harley.
6 partner's persona: i am fascinated with ghosts.	7 partner's persona: i love 80s music.	8 partner's persona: i am a wedding planner.	9 partner's persona: when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
5 partner's persona: i am allergic to cats.	6 partner's persona: i am a member of the ymca.	7 partner's persona: i love scary movies.	8 partner's persona: i keep my hair cut very short.	9 partner's persona: i am learning to play the piano.
6 partner's persona: i have two tattoos.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	8 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is knitting.	9 partner's persona: i work in an office.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy singing.	7 partner's persona: i live in a big city.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy video games.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy my job , as a teacher.	10 partner's persona: magic mike is my favorite movie.
5 partner's persona: i m the general manager of the local grocery store.	6 partner's persona: i spend the weekends travelling up to canada to relax and enjoy the view.	7 partner's persona: my hobbies include reading and cycling.	8 partner's persona: my name is frank.	9 partner's persona: i hope to someday compete professionally or atleast qualify for an event.
5 partner's persona: i collect bugs in jars.	6 partner's persona: i was a mechanic for 6 years.	7 partner's persona: i ran for political office in 2004.	8 partner's persona: i build my own computers.
5 partner's persona: i once started a forest fire in california.	6 partner's persona: i was the first test child for sesame street.	7 partner's persona: i speak six languages.	8 partner's persona: i always carry an edged weapon.	9 partner's persona: i work on the radio as a character voice.
6 partner's persona: i play jazz piano in a band.	7 partner's persona: i like to go hiking on the weekends.	8 partner's persona: i am a barista.	9 partner's persona: i can speak arabic , english , and french.	10 partner's persona: my family is from algeria.
5 partner's persona: i am not afraid of what others think.	6 partner's persona: my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.	7 partner's persona: my boyfriend works for nasa.	8 partner's persona: i can be quite forgetful.	9 partner's persona: i was raised by two mothers.
5 partner's persona: i wish i had a real dragon i could train.	6 partner's persona: i have ink stains on all my shirts.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy playing retro video games on my 386.	8 partner's persona: my cats name is leroy jenkins.	9 partner's persona: my suspenders sometimes make my shoulders hurt.
5 partner's persona: my neighbor comes over all the time to watch rugby with me.	6 partner's persona: my car broke down last week.	7 partner's persona: i like to fly kites.	8 partner's persona: i work out every other day.	9 partner's persona: i love sports , but rugby is my favorite.
6 partner's persona: my wife is legally deaf.	7 partner's persona: my parents are both over age 100.	8 partner's persona: i have six brothers.	9 partner's persona: my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.
6 partner's persona: my weakness are sweets.	7 partner's persona: i am male.	8 partner's persona: i am unsociable.	9 partner's persona: i live to not disappoint my loved ones.	10 partner's persona: i am a jack of all , master of none.
5 partner's persona: i was accepted to participate.	6 partner's persona: anyways i decided to give it a try and participaed in an audition for a talent show.	7 partner's persona: i m a shy person but i love to sing.	8 partner's persona: until recently i ve never been able to sing in front of anyone.
5 partner's persona: i like to surf.	6 partner's persona: i am a reality tv star.	7 partner's persona: i listen to country music.	8 partner's persona: i worked as a clown in the circus.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy playing retro video games on my 386.	7 partner's persona: my cat s name is leroy jenkins.	8 partner's persona: my suspenders sometimes make my shoulders hurt.	9 partner's persona: i wish i had a real dragon i could train.	10 partner's persona: i have ink stains on all my shirts.
5 partner's persona: i dropped out of high school.	6 partner's persona: i can read in english and french.	7 partner's persona: i read three books a week.	8 partner's persona: i learned how to reads when i was three.	9 partner's persona: i love to read.
6 partner's persona: my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.	7 partner's persona: i am not afraid of what others think.	8 partner's persona: i can be quite forgetful.	9 partner's persona: my boyfriend works for nasa.
5 partner's persona: i am a veteran.	6 partner's persona: i grew up in kentucky.	7 partner's persona: my favorite book is ender s game.	8 partner's persona: i like to read.
6 partner's persona: i have gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.	7 partner's persona: i have more then 10 tattoos.	8 partner's persona: i am a grown woman.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is ween.	6 partner's persona: i like to create art.	7 partner's persona: i am an older guy.	8 partner's persona: i love to work in my garden.
6 partner's persona: i live in nashville.	7 partner's persona: i am committed to the environment.	8 partner's persona: i work in academia at a local university.	9 partner's persona: i play music in my spare time.	10 partner's persona: i like to go to the farmers market every weekend.
5 partner's persona: i like to work with acrylics.	6 partner's persona: my favorite class is painting.	7 partner's persona: i have blonde hair.	8 partner's persona: i aspire to paint murals.
5 partner's persona: i am six feet tall.	6 partner's persona: i like to go to the opera.	7 partner's persona: my favorite auto is a bentley.	8 partner's persona: i love to vacation in paris.
6 partner's persona: i like to make cookies.	7 partner's persona: my favorite drink is coke.	8 partner's persona: i like bagels with everything on them.	9 partner's persona: i like to run.
6 partner's persona: my name is todd.	7 partner's persona: i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.	8 partner's persona: my favorite hero is superman.	9 partner's persona: i love comic books.
5 partner's persona: i graduated with a statistics degree.	6 partner's persona: i am a blackjack dealer.	7 partner's persona: i have 3 kids.	8 partner's persona: i am currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.
5 partner's persona: i love to go outside at night and eavesdrop on my neighbor s arguments.	6 partner's persona: my mother is a professional make up artist.	7 partner's persona: i want a dog , but that is a lot of commitment.	8 partner's persona: i sometimes think i m shallow.
6 partner's persona: i hate to workout , but i need to.	7 partner's persona: i am very good at the drums.	8 partner's persona: i need to take my blood sugar everyday.	9 partner's persona: i have a bicycle.	10 partner's persona: i have three dogs at home.
6 partner's persona: my favorite breakfast is pancakes.	7 partner's persona: my friends and i go hiking all the time.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy the outdoors.	9 partner's persona: i got a girlfriend last month.
6 partner's persona: i am argentinian.	7 partner's persona: i like to wear boots.	8 partner's persona: i have many girlfriends.	9 partner's persona: i like to eat beef.	10 partner's persona: i like to ride horses.
5 partner's persona: i moved to america when i was 14.	6 partner's persona: i have three children.	7 partner's persona: i like to cook.	8 partner's persona: my parents don t really speak english , but i speak italian and english.	9 partner's persona: i got married when i was young.
6 partner's persona: i have lived a very sheltered life.	7 partner's persona: i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.	8 partner's persona: i am 17.	9 partner's persona: i go to a catholic high school in new england.
5 partner's persona: i like watching reality television shows.	6 partner's persona: last month the farm was foreclosed so i m looking for a new job.	7 partner's persona: i would like to move some place warmer.	8 partner's persona: i live in kansas.	9 partner's persona: i m an out of work farmhand.
5 partner's persona: my mother was a single mother.	6 partner's persona: i play the drums.	7 partner's persona: i m the oldest of three boys.	8 partner's persona: i grew up in the projects of chicago.
5 partner's persona: i love to eat pita bread with hummus.	6 partner's persona: i am bipolar.	7 partner's persona: i am a mother of three.	8 partner's persona: i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.	9 partner's persona: i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
5 partner's persona: i was born on christmas day.	6 partner's persona: my landlord is raising my rent.	7 partner's persona: everyone says my pecan pie is the best they have ever had.	8 partner's persona: i am an excellent baker.	9 partner's persona: i went to law school.
6 partner's persona: i like watching british tv shows and movies.	7 partner's persona: i have one grandson and one daughter.	8 partner's persona: i love animals.	9 partner's persona: i am a retired computer programmer.	10 partner's persona: i just turned 77.
5 partner's persona: i am not a big fan of waiting in line.	6 partner's persona: my sister is becoming my mother and often asks me when i am getting married.	7 partner's persona: i often think about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for justin bieber.	8 partner's persona: i still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet.
6 partner's persona: my best friend just moved away.	7 partner's persona: i start my senior year of high school next week.	8 partner's persona: i went to japan this summer.	9 partner's persona: my mom is a painter.
6 partner's persona: my parents are science deniers , but un religious.	7 partner's persona: i work at my community garden center , and volunteer at the animal shelter.	8 partner's persona: story i ve ever heard.	9 partner's persona: i am wiccan , but haven t told them.	10 partner's persona: i don t believe any a.
6 partner's persona: i work as a vet.	7 partner's persona: i like to ride my bike.	8 partner's persona: i am a 30 year old female.	9 partner's persona: i am a vegan.
5 partner's persona: this summer i went on vacation to italy.	6 partner's persona: sometimes i go to yoga classes.	7 partner's persona: i like italian cusine.	8 partner's persona: i live in a big city.	9 partner's persona: i work in the office , 9 till 5.
6 partner's persona: i like to race rc cars.	7 partner's persona: i have a pet husky.	8 partner's persona: i live in the great white north.	9 partner's persona: i like to play nintendo.	10 partner's persona: i love to eat fish.
5 partner's persona: i believe in karma.	6 partner's persona: i have never been on a date.	7 partner's persona: i adopted all my dogs.	8 partner's persona: i love to read.	9 partner's persona: i once wrote a biography of my favorite actor.
5 partner's persona: i moved out when i was 14.	6 partner's persona: i like cartoons more than movies.	7 partner's persona: my mother met elvis.	8 partner's persona: i like to listen to someone else reading a book.	9 partner's persona: i love the water , any water , ocean , river , or lake.
6 partner's persona: i grew up homeschooled.	7 partner's persona: i care deeply about animals.	8 partner's persona: i have a hard time feeling connected with people.	9 partner's persona: i sometimes need to scream to feel alive.	10 partner's persona: i take my emotions out through art.
6 partner's persona: i love adventures like mountain climbing.	7 partner's persona: i am a mother of 2 daughters.	8 partner's persona: but i m a frustrated driver.	9 partner's persona: my husband works at a telecom.	10 partner's persona: i m a people person.
5 partner's persona: i like to read a lot of books.	6 partner's persona: i would travel the world if i could.	7 partner's persona: i m not much of a fan of hot weather.	8 partner's persona: i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
6 partner's persona: i ride my bicycle everywhere.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy jazz music.	8 partner's persona: i broke my nose when i was ten.	9 partner's persona: i work at a factory.	10 partner's persona: my favorite city is seattle.
5 partner's persona: my favorite drink is chocolate milk.	6 partner's persona: i like to swim.	7 partner's persona: i am bald.	8 partner's persona: i don t work.	9 partner's persona: i hate tacos.
5 partner's persona: my favorite movie is good burger.	6 partner's persona: i eat exclusively meat.	7 partner's persona: i like canning and whittling.	8 partner's persona: to stay in shape , i chase cheetahs at the zoo.	9 partner's persona: in high school , i came in 6th in the 100 meter dash.
5 partner's persona: i grew up in new hampshire.	6 partner's persona: i love to dance.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy reading history books.	9 partner's persona: i am a teacher.
6 partner's persona: pizza is my most favorite thing.	7 partner's persona: i like being by myself.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy taking late night walks when it s completely dark.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is dream theater.	10 partner's persona: i like reading.
5 partner's persona: i want to become an author.	6 partner's persona: after finishing my career i discovered that i am not that passionate about it.	7 partner's persona: i am currently unemployed so i have time to write.	8 partner's persona: i am a profesional translator.	9 partner's persona: i am writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.
6 partner's persona: i grew up on a farm in kansas.	7 partner's persona: i m a police officer in a suburb of detroit.	8 partner's persona: my wife and i like to go scuba diving.	9 partner's persona: i love to go horseback riding.
5 partner's persona: i like swimming.	6 partner's persona: i love spicy food.	7 partner's persona: i have traveled to europe and mexico.	8 partner's persona: i am an only child.
6 partner's persona: i will one day own a ferret.	7 partner's persona: i blog about salt water aquarium ownership.	8 partner's persona: i am allergic to peanuts.	9 partner's persona: i still love to line dry my clothes.
5 partner's persona: i go visit them sometimes.	6 partner's persona: i work at a grocery store.	7 partner's persona: my mother is a social worker for the school system.	8 partner's persona: she likes to grow plants in her garden.
5 partner's persona: one day i hope to own my own company.	6 partner's persona: my best friend is gay.	7 partner's persona: my passion is in programming.	8 partner's persona: i go to bed pretty late.
6 partner's persona: i work at the hospital as a nurse.	7 partner's persona: i live in the city of grand rapids , michigan.	8 partner's persona: i have pink hair.	9 partner's persona: i m the youngest of five.
6 partner's persona: my favorite food is meatloaf.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band used to be toto.	8 partner's persona: my dog s name is toto.	9 partner's persona: my car is green and smells weird.	10 partner's persona: my grandma is from denmark.
6 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is read.	7 partner's persona: i like to eat spaghetti.	8 partner's persona: my newest car is a chevy.	9 partner's persona: i work at a power plant.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy eating italian food.	6 partner's persona: pizza is my favorite.	7 partner's persona: my name is tom.	8 partner's persona: i try to watch what i eat.	9 partner's persona: i am east asian.
6 partner's persona: i play in a nfl fantasy football league.	7 partner's persona: i like nfl and college football.	8 partner's persona: i am a georgia resident.	9 partner's persona: i love to read fiction books.
6 partner's persona: my favorite movie is django unchained.	7 partner's persona: i love rock climbing.	8 partner's persona: i drive a honda civic.	9 partner's persona: i like long walks on the beach.
6 partner's persona: i am a nurse.	7 partner's persona: i am a great baker.	8 partner's persona: i surf often.	9 partner's persona: i was an army brat.	10 partner's persona: i married my high school sweetheart.
6 partner's persona: i wish i could go to a better school.	7 partner's persona: i worry about our neighbors yelling in the middle of the night.	8 partner's persona: i worry about my image.	9 partner's persona: i live in a bad neighborhood.	10 partner's persona: i wish my mom was healthier.
6 partner's persona: i m a receptionist at a doctors office.	7 partner's persona: my name is mary.	8 partner's persona: i manage all the paperwork and incoming calls.	9 partner's persona: i m also a fulltime student studying radiology at local college.	10 partner's persona: my weekends are spent studying and looking over client files.
5 partner's persona: i am single and live alone.	6 partner's persona: i make robots for a living.	7 partner's persona: i am a night owl.	8 partner's persona: i do not have a good social life.
5 partner's persona: i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.	6 partner's persona: i am colorblind.	7 partner's persona: i have a college degree in marketing.	8 partner's persona: i am a volunteer firefighter.
6 partner's persona: i am a doctor.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy vacations at the beach.	8 partner's persona: i live in a large home.	9 partner's persona: boating is my favorite activity.
5 partner's persona: i working in a publishing building.	6 partner's persona: people say i have a cute laugh.	7 partner's persona: i am a female and love to be surrounded by males.	8 partner's persona: i love to cook for my family and friends.
6 partner's persona: i m a student.	7 partner's persona: i like to shop at goodwill.	8 partner's persona: i m from california.	9 partner's persona: i like to be outdoors.
6 partner's persona: i can run very fast for long distances.	7 partner's persona: i drink a lot of caffeine.	8 partner's persona: i have a cheap car my dad gave me.	9 partner's persona: i have a very unhealthy diet.
5 partner's persona: my country is russia.	6 partner's persona: i am a olympian.	7 partner's persona: i am a weight lifter.	8 partner's persona: i can benchpress 345 pounds.
6 partner's persona: i love watching tv and movies.	7 partner's persona: my favorite show ever is game of thrones.	8 partner's persona: i have been to a few renaissance fairs.	9 partner's persona: i work from home.	10 partner's persona: i like cosplay.
5 partner's persona: i have a thick full beard.	6 partner's persona: my hair is as red as the sunset.	7 partner's persona: i am only 5 foot tall.	8 partner's persona: my parents are in there 80s.	9 partner's persona: i have 8 brothers and we are close.
5 partner's persona: i am a widow.	6 partner's persona: i want to travel the world taking photographs of my travels.	7 partner's persona: i want to be a famous photographer.	8 partner's persona: i want to put my photos to a music video staring adam levin.
5 partner's persona: i wish that i could be an animal.	6 partner's persona: i wonder about what life in space would be like.	7 partner's persona: regular life disappoints me.	8 partner's persona: i don t get along with my family.
6 partner's persona: i am really terrible at doing regular expressions.	7 partner's persona: i am allergic to lactose.	8 partner's persona: i like having fried fish for supper.	9 partner's persona: my doctor told me i have six months to live.	10 partner's persona: my favorite singer is justin bieber.
5 partner's persona: i do not fully understand my own feelings.	6 partner's persona: i wonder what it would be like to be a different gender.	7 partner's persona: i feel that i cannot live up to many peoples standards.	8 partner's persona: i am unsure of who i am attracted to.
5 partner's persona: to free my mind from feeling depressed i look up at the stars at night.	6 partner's persona: i cannot choose between lollipops and rainbows.	7 partner's persona: i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.	8 partner's persona: i believe in aliens.	9 partner's persona: i would love to be a professional eater and not get fat.
6 partner's persona: i can play the piano.	7 partner's persona: i love to sing.	8 partner's persona: i am a dancer.	9 partner's persona: i am a night owl.
6 partner's persona: i try to eat a balanced diet.	7 partner's persona: i am caucasian.	8 partner's persona: i like rollerblading.	9 partner's persona: my favorite sport is hockey.	10 partner's persona: i avoid eating sugar.
6 partner's persona: i really like watching star trek.	7 partner's persona: i like eating pretzels.	8 partner's persona: my favorite band is vnv nation.	9 partner's persona: i work for the railroad.
6 partner's persona: i am tall.	7 partner's persona: i like to garden.	8 partner's persona: i love the outdoors.	9 partner's persona: i like to build things.	10 partner's persona: i like to travel.
6 partner's persona: i am a cartographer.	7 partner's persona: i like to paint outdoors.	8 partner's persona: i like to make bagels.	9 partner's persona: i like to arm wrestle.	10 partner's persona: i used to be a nurse.
6 partner's persona: i used to wear a cape.	7 partner's persona: i love going to the movies.	8 partner's persona: it s one of my favorite hobbies.	9 partner's persona: my parents would take my brother and i when we were little.	10 partner's persona: we liked to pretend we were superheroes.
6 partner's persona: i like to garden.	7 partner's persona: i make my own compost.	8 partner's persona: i make my own soap.	9 partner's persona: i am a fruitarian.	10 partner's persona: i have my own greenhouse.
6 partner's persona: my name is jovannie and i m 19.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy hanging out with my imaginary friends as a hobby.	8 partner's persona: i love eating barbeque sandwiches and pizza puffs.	9 partner's persona: my favorite show is tom and jerry.
6 partner's persona: i deliver baked goods in the state where i live.	7 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is playing recreational baseball.	8 partner's persona: i spend my weekends camping.	9 partner's persona: i am a truck driver.	10 partner's persona: my wife and two kids camp with me.
6 partner's persona: i would like to move some place warmer.	7 partner's persona: i like watching reality television shows.	8 partner's persona: last month the farm was foreclosed so i m looking for a new job.	9 partner's persona: i live in kansas.	10 partner's persona: i m an out of work farmhand.
5 partner's persona: i like football.	6 partner's persona: my friends like watching it to.	7 partner's persona: its great fun.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy magic the gathering , it is a card game.	6 partner's persona: i can t whistle.	7 partner's persona: i have 4 pets.	8 partner's persona: i live in an apartment.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is jello.
6 partner's persona: i work as a freight truck driver.	7 partner's persona: i am a 43 year old woman.	8 partner's persona: my hair is short and pink.	9 partner's persona: i love to travel.
6 partner's persona: i need certain medications to live.	7 partner's persona: i skydive frequently.	8 partner's persona: i have won an olympic medal.	9 partner's persona: i like the band queens of the stone age.
5 partner's persona: i write fiction for fun.	6 partner's persona: my mother is dead.	7 partner's persona: i have a golden retriever.	8 partner's persona: i like to hike.	9 partner's persona: i work in advertising.
5 partner's persona: until recently i have never been able to sing in front of anyone.	6 partner's persona: anyways i decided to give it a try and participated in an audition for a talent show.	7 partner's persona: i was accepted to participate.	8 partner's persona: my shyness made me panick and i did not show up.	9 partner's persona: i am a shy person but i love to sing.
5 partner's persona: i do yoga three times a week.	6 partner's persona: i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.	7 partner's persona: i am a high school teacher.	8 partner's persona: i am married with 2 kids.
5 partner's persona: i am 26 years old.	6 partner's persona: i have thrown up every day for the last 3 months with morning sickness.	7 partner's persona: i already have 3 children.	8 partner's persona: i found out that i am carrying twins.	9 partner's persona: i will be on bed rest for the next 5 months.
5 partner's persona: i know how to pilot a plane.	6 partner's persona: my hobby is photography.	7 partner's persona: i am a lawyer.	8 partner's persona: i do not own a television.	9 partner's persona: i live in the mountains.
5 partner's persona: i am a mother.	6 partner's persona: i am a wife.	7 partner's persona: i love my grandchildren.	8 partner's persona: i own a custom upholstery shop.	9 partner's persona: i live by a lake.
6 partner's persona: i graduated top of my class.	7 partner's persona: my mother was a concert pianist.	8 partner's persona: my wife is a college professor.	9 partner's persona: i work as a trauma surgeon.	10 partner's persona: i have one little girl.
5 partner's persona: i am getting married next week.	6 partner's persona: my dog is the ring bearer.	7 partner's persona: we will be traveling to niagra falls for our honeymoon.	8 partner's persona: my family hates my fianc.	9 partner's persona: we are getting married in a park.
5 partner's persona: i can t stand salads.	6 partner's persona: i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.	7 partner's persona: my father used to be an insurance salesman.	8 partner's persona: my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.
5 partner's persona: i m hoping to find someone to marry me.	6 partner's persona: i work in marketing , and i love it.	7 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time on my hair and make up.	8 partner's persona: i m an only child.
5 partner's persona: i am from seattle.	6 partner's persona: my parents raised me as a buddhist.	7 partner's persona: i work in public relations.	8 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is bon over.
6 partner's persona: i have 2 cats.	7 partner's persona: i like to go on walks.	8 partner's persona: i am from mexico.	9 partner's persona: i like to bake.
6 partner's persona: i have lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.	7 partner's persona: i am very athletic.	8 partner's persona: i wish i could be more serious about school.	9 partner's persona: i have been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.	10 partner's persona: i get distracted easily.
5 partner's persona: i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.	6 partner's persona: i am bipolar.	7 partner's persona: i am a mother of three.	8 partner's persona: i love to eat pita bread with hummus.	9 partner's persona: i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
6 partner's persona: i m a kindergarten teacher.	7 partner's persona: when i m stressed , i overeat.	8 partner's persona: i have a lot of style.	9 partner's persona: i love kids.
6 partner's persona: i am writing my first novel and hope to finish before the end of the year.	7 partner's persona: i am a profesional translator.	8 partner's persona: i am currently unemployed so i have time to write.	9 partner's persona: after finishing my career i discovered that i am not that passionate about it.
6 partner's persona: i am caucasian.	7 partner's persona: my favorite sport is hockey.	8 partner's persona: i like rollerblading.	9 partner's persona: i try to eat a balanced diet.	10 partner's persona: i avoid eating sugar.
6 partner's persona: my favorite book is twilight.	7 partner's persona: i broke my nose in 5th grade.	8 partner's persona: i have 6 toes on one foot.	9 partner's persona: i have glasses.	10 partner's persona: i hate skiing.
5 partner's persona: i work on the radio as a character voice.	6 partner's persona: i once started a forest fire in california.	7 partner's persona: i always carry an edged weapon.	8 partner's persona: i speak six languages.	9 partner's persona: i was the first test child for sesame street.
6 partner's persona: i read autobiographies before bed.	7 partner's persona: i regularly go to the gym.	8 partner's persona: my favorite meal is chicken and rice.	9 partner's persona: my favorite band is metallica.
6 partner's persona: i live in celebration , florida.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	8 partner's persona: i used to cheerlead in high school.	9 partner's persona: i am married and have 2 kids.
6 partner's persona: i hope to be a football player when i grow up.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is one direction.	8 partner's persona: i am currently in elementary school.	9 partner's persona: my mom is a professional tennis player.	10 partner's persona: my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.
6 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	7 partner's persona: i have 23 cats at home.	8 partner's persona: i hate the taste of fish.	9 partner's persona: i traveled around the world in a boat.
6 partner's persona: i m taking online classes.	7 partner's persona: i wait tables.	8 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	9 partner's persona: my hair is long and brown.
5 partner's persona: i read a lot.	6 partner's persona: i am stuck in a wheel chair.	7 partner's persona: i do not have a lot of friends.	8 partner's persona: i work at a museum.
5 partner's persona: i have my own salon.	6 partner's persona: i am a hair stylist.	7 partner's persona: i got married last year.	8 partner's persona: my hair is colored purple.
6 partner's persona: i eat meat.	7 partner's persona: my friends do not call my by my real name.	8 partner's persona: my favorite band is the story so far.	9 partner's persona: i recently started working online.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy going to festivals.
5 partner's persona: i am a librarian in my current job.	6 partner's persona: i like to read books.	7 partner's persona: i have two cats.	8 partner's persona: my cats like to be read to.
6 partner's persona: i love the beatles.	7 partner's persona: i have trouble getting along with family.	8 partner's persona: in allergic to peanuts.	9 partner's persona: i am usually very shy.
5 partner's persona: my family means the world to me.	6 partner's persona: my left knee is filled with metal.	7 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs and a parrot.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.
5 partner's persona: i have two children.	6 partner's persona: i like to hunt.	7 partner's persona: i like to donate time at the local animal shelter.	8 partner's persona: i had two cats growing up.	9 partner's persona: both my parents were teachers.
5 partner's persona: i have an 18 year old son.	6 partner's persona: i love animals.	7 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	8 partner's persona: i spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups.
5 partner's persona: i like to watch shows on netflix.	6 partner's persona: my sister is my best friend.	7 partner's persona: i want to learn self defense.	8 partner's persona: i want to go back to school.
5 partner's persona: i prefer texting over phone calls.	6 partner's persona: i sleep 8 hours.	7 partner's persona: i love hockey.	8 partner's persona: my mother looks after my grandmother.	9 partner's persona: i use the computer all day.
5 partner's persona: i am a writer.	6 partner's persona: i dream of becoming a famous actress.	7 partner's persona: i don t like the beach.	8 partner's persona: zebras are my favorite animals.
5 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is knitting.	6 partner's persona: i have two tattoos.	7 partner's persona: i have a cat named speckles.	8 partner's persona: i work in an office.
5 partner's persona: i was born in london.	6 partner's persona: i live with my boyfriend of 5 years.	7 partner's persona: i work in it.	8 partner's persona: i paint in my free time.	9 partner's persona: i live in vienna , austria now.
6 partner's persona: i am a night owl.	7 partner's persona: i make robots for a living.	8 partner's persona: i eat mainly chinese food.	9 partner's persona: i do not have a good social life.
6 partner's persona: i often worry about where to park when i go somewhere new.	7 partner's persona: my brother raised me after our parents died.	8 partner's persona: i am quiet but confident.	9 partner's persona: i think food trucks are awesome.
6 partner's persona: i am getting married next week.	7 partner's persona: we are getting married in a park.	8 partner's persona: we will be traveling to niagra falls for our honeymoon.	9 partner's persona: my dog is the ring bearer.
5 partner's persona: i am in between classes.	6 partner's persona: i m always early.	7 partner's persona: although i m studying to be a doctor , animals like me.	8 partner's persona: i volunteer with dogs.	9 partner's persona: i am a graduate student.
5 partner's persona: i work at a doctors office.	6 partner's persona: i am single.	7 partner's persona: i love dogs.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy reading.	9 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a lily.
5 partner's persona: i wear my heart on my sleeve.	6 partner's persona: i live in my foreign car outside los angeles.	7 partner's persona: some call me a hopeless romantic.	8 partner's persona: i dropped out of college a month ago.
6 partner's persona: i listen to folk music.	7 partner's persona: whittling is my favorite hobby.	8 partner's persona: i went to a community college and got a degree in communication.	9 partner's persona: i am in the navy.
6 partner's persona: i am younger then 46.	7 partner's persona: i like the music group the backstreet boys.	8 partner's persona: i hate to drive.	9 partner's persona: i need to take 4 pills a day to live.	10 partner's persona: i like the taste of cheese.
6 partner's persona: i live in a condo.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is steak.	8 partner's persona: i only listen to opera.	9 partner's persona: i have never been to canada.
5 partner's persona: i work some very odd jobs.	6 partner's persona: i have never traveled out of the country.	7 partner's persona: i was born under a blood moon.	8 partner's persona: i am one of four children.
6 partner's persona: i don t like dresses.	7 partner's persona: i love butterflies.	8 partner's persona: i prefer summer.	9 partner's persona: i type one handed.
6 partner's persona: i am single.	7 partner's persona: i owe 2 monitors for work.	8 partner's persona: i read ebooks more than hardcopies.	9 partner's persona: i love watching superheroes shows.	10 partner's persona: i prefer iphone over samsung.
5 partner's persona: i love beef.	6 partner's persona: i am in a very intimate and loving relationship.	7 partner's persona: i have a dog that has behavioral issues.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy playing guitar and video games.	9 partner's persona: i work from home doing various jobs on the internet.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy hiking on glaciers.	6 partner's persona: i recently moved to sweden.	7 partner's persona: lutefisk is the best dish in the whole world.	8 partner's persona: i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.	9 partner's persona: marduk is my favorite band.
5 partner's persona: i work as a waitress.	6 partner's persona: i am an insatiable reader.	7 partner's persona: i love to play soccer.	8 partner's persona: my favorite movies are disney movies.	9 partner's persona: i live with my parents.
6 partner's persona: i have two siberian huskies.	7 partner's persona: i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.	8 partner's persona: i play guitar.	9 partner's persona: i am a michigan state trooper.
6 partner's persona: he taught me right from wrong.	7 partner's persona: he later became a bartender.	8 partner's persona: my father was a cook.	9 partner's persona: he worked hard.
5 partner's persona: black coffee is my addiction.	6 partner's persona: my husband died last year.	7 partner's persona: my family gets together every saturday.	8 partner's persona: i am 77 years old.
6 partner's persona: my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.	7 partner's persona: i can t stand salads.	8 partner's persona: i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.	9 partner's persona: i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
5 partner's persona: i speak fluent french.	6 partner's persona: my favorite food is mushroom ravioli.	7 partner's persona: my mother works at a bank.	8 partner's persona: i work in an animal shelter.	9 partner's persona: i ve never met my father.
6 partner's persona: i smell like french fries.	7 partner's persona: i can t do math.	8 partner's persona: i just got a new sweater.	9 partner's persona: it was too small.
5 partner's persona: i like playing video games.	6 partner's persona: i am primarily a meat eater.	7 partner's persona: my parents do not know i am gay.	8 partner's persona: welding is my career field.
6 partner's persona: i am planning to move to a new state soon.	7 partner's persona: i have two border collies.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy hiking.	9 partner's persona: i am an artist.	10 partner's persona: i speak french and english fluently.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy watching mystery movies.	7 partner's persona: i like to run so that i can clear my head.	8 partner's persona: i am an author.	9 partner's persona: i love to write stories while sitting in the grass in my back yard.	10 partner's persona: i like to drink green tea.
6 partner's persona: i lived most of my life not knowing who bob marley was.	7 partner's persona: i work over 60 hours a week as a restaurant manager.	8 partner's persona: i despise my boss.	9 partner's persona: when i cut loose , i lose control.	10 partner's persona: we help each other out in my family.
6 partner's persona: i love to run fast.	7 partner's persona: i am strong.	8 partner's persona: i am tall.	9 partner's persona: i never eat veggies.
5 partner's persona: i watch a lot of tv.	6 partner's persona: i live alone.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is a cheeseburger.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy fishing.	9 partner's persona: i work on cars for a living.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy classical music.	7 partner's persona: my favorite auto is a bentley.	8 partner's persona: i love to vacation in paris.	9 partner's persona: i am six feet tall.	10 partner's persona: i like to go to the opera.
5 partner's persona: we have two kids.	6 partner's persona: my husband is a firefighter.	7 partner's persona: i graduated with a nursing degree.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is sushi.	9 partner's persona: helping people makes me happy.
5 partner's persona: the death of kurt cobain marred my middle school years.	6 partner's persona: i don t have a relationship with my deadbeat dad.	7 partner's persona: i want to visit rome , but i can t make myself go alone.	8 partner's persona: i flirted with the dmv officer in order to pass my driving exam.
6 partner's persona: i like bagels with everything on them.	7 partner's persona: i like to run.	8 partner's persona: i like to make cookies.	9 partner's persona: my favorite drink is coke.
6 partner's persona: i love to read true crime books.	7 partner's persona: i am in grad school.	8 partner's persona: my favorite drink is caramel cappuccino.	9 partner's persona: my parents live across the street from me.
5 partner's persona: i am an avid fan of the boston celtics.	6 partner's persona: i love chocolate.	7 partner's persona: i work for a small , family owned restaurant.	8 partner's persona: i love walking in the park.	9 partner's persona: i have six older sisters.
5 partner's persona: i like to cook with food i grow in my garden.	6 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is classical.	7 partner's persona: i play many instruments.	8 partner's persona: i give lessons on string instruments.	9 partner's persona: i like to travel.
5 partner's persona: i have a long drive to work.	6 partner's persona: i like to read.	7 partner's persona: traffic makes me mad.	8 partner's persona: i listen to podcasts.
5 partner's persona: i am not a fan of science.	6 partner's persona: my dad works for ups.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is purple.	8 partner's persona: i have owned two mustangs.	9 partner's persona: i am currently looking for a job.
5 partner's persona: i like to race go carts.	6 partner's persona: i hate fast food.	7 partner's persona: i am an avid fisherman.	8 partner's persona: i have a george foreman grill at home.	9 partner's persona: i know how to play the guitar.
6 partner's persona: my car is pink.	7 partner's persona: i have a cat named leela.	8 partner's persona: i make videos about makeup.	9 partner's persona: i am a youtuber.	10 partner's persona: my dad is an airline pilot.
6 partner's persona: i want to be an explorer.	7 partner's persona: i do not like my job.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	9 partner's persona: i visit india often.
6 partner's persona: i wish i could live forever.	7 partner's persona: i like free diving.	8 partner's persona: i only date people taller than me.	9 partner's persona: i really like technology.	10 partner's persona: my dog is smaller than my cat.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	7 partner's persona: i love going to concerts on the weekend.	8 partner's persona: my mom taught me how to play the cello.	9 partner's persona: i collect stamps.	10 partner's persona: everyday i go swimming at the y.
6 partner's persona: my favorite musical is hamilton.	7 partner's persona: i like to play tennis.	8 partner's persona: i work as an accountant.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is a burger.
6 partner's persona: i hate to workout , but i need to.	7 partner's persona: i have a bicycle.	8 partner's persona: i have three dogs at home.	9 partner's persona: i need to take my blood sugar everyday.
6 partner's persona: i drive a fast sports car.	7 partner's persona: i like the color purple.	8 partner's persona: cher from clueless is my idea of perfection.	9 partner's persona: my credit cards are maxed out.
5 partner's persona: my twin brother and i share an apartment.	6 partner's persona: i volunteer at the local humane society.	7 partner's persona: one day i would really like to skydive.	8 partner's persona: when i am not touring with the band , i like to garden.	9 partner's persona: i am a drummer in an indie band.
6 partner's persona: i like sports.	7 partner's persona: i work for a government agency.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	9 partner's persona: my favorite team is the washington nationals.	10 partner's persona: i prefer baseball over football.
6 partner's persona: i like to read true crime novels.	7 partner's persona: i have two dogs.	8 partner's persona: i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.	9 partner's persona: i am close to both of my brothers.	10 partner's persona: i travel every year to disney world.
5 partner's persona: i brew my own beer.	6 partner's persona: i am gay.	7 partner's persona: i just bought a new house with my partner.	8 partner's persona: i live in portland , oregon.
6 partner's persona: my favorite singer is justin timberlake.	7 partner's persona: i am a mother to two beautiful boys.	8 partner's persona: my family and i go camping every month.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy horseback riding.
6 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is pop.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy home cooked meals.	8 partner's persona: my favorite tv show is game of thrones.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.
5 partner's persona: i volunteer at the red cross on the weekends.	6 partner's persona: i am married with 2 kids.	7 partner's persona: i do yoga three times a week.	8 partner's persona: i am a high school teacher.
5 partner's persona: i live alone.	6 partner's persona: i do not believe in love.	7 partner's persona: i write childrens books.	8 partner's persona: i shop online , too much.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy talking to strangers.	7 partner's persona: my favorite animal is a monkey.	8 partner's persona: i am good at throwing parties.	9 partner's persona: i want to live at the beach.
6 partner's persona: i help them win a lot of money.	7 partner's persona: i give out sports information.	8 partner's persona: i am a small business owner.	9 partner's persona: i have a consulting firm.
5 partner's persona: i love to climb.	6 partner's persona: i am the oldest of 5 children.	7 partner's persona: i ve never been to the beach.	8 partner's persona: i love my parrot , todd.
5 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is to go to museums.	6 partner's persona: i travel at least once a year.	7 partner's persona: i am currently listening to bach.	8 partner's persona: i love to watch the voice.
5 partner's persona: i like to make boats on the weekends.	6 partner's persona: i have a dog named bob.	7 partner's persona: i live on an island.	8 partner's persona: i am a closet cannibal.
6 partner's persona: i use the computer all day.	7 partner's persona: i love hockey.	8 partner's persona: my mother looks after my grandmother.	9 partner's persona: i sleep 8 hours.
5 partner's persona: i am allergic to shellfish.	6 partner's persona: i like horseback riding.	7 partner's persona: i love going to concerts and dancing hard.	8 partner's persona: i work at a non profit that helps children.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is cheese.
6 partner's persona: my husband was a salesman.	7 partner's persona: i worked as a nurse for many years.	8 partner's persona: i have lived in several different states.	9 partner's persona: i have a cat named kj.	10 partner's persona: i like to cook.
6 partner's persona: i have a pet husky.	7 partner's persona: i like to race rc cars.	8 partner's persona: i love to eat fish.	9 partner's persona: i live in the great white north.
6 partner's persona: i start an internship in engineering later this year.	7 partner's persona: my dream is to move to the middle of the desert.	8 partner's persona: before i die , i want to skydive.	9 partner's persona: i have a pet snake.	10 partner's persona: i am a famous video game character online.
6 partner's persona: i design jewelry when i have spare time.	7 partner's persona: i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.	8 partner's persona: i go to craft shows on the weekends.	9 partner's persona: during the week , i work as a barista.	10 partner's persona: my favorite book is the bible.
5 partner's persona: i used to work a 9 5 job as a telemarketer.	6 partner's persona: i will never punch a clock again.	7 partner's persona: i am rich beyond my dreams.	8 partner's persona: i hit for over forty million dollars.	9 partner's persona: one day i played the lottery.
6 partner's persona: i have never broken a bone.	7 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	8 partner's persona: i am a freshman in college.	9 partner's persona: i love cats.	10 partner's persona: i am athletic.
6 partner's persona: i am a veteran.	7 partner's persona: i like to read.	8 partner's persona: my favorite book is enders game.	9 partner's persona: i grew up in kentucky.	10 partner's persona: i have a garden.
6 partner's persona: i have one sister and a niece and nephew.	7 partner's persona: i am 49 , male and live in dublin , ireland.	8 partner's persona: i really like cake and do not prefer vegetables.	9 partner's persona: i take care of my mother and father.	10 partner's persona: i am almost finished with my degree.
5 partner's persona: i love ham and cheese sandwiches.	6 partner's persona: my name is arnold.	7 partner's persona: i am 10 years old.	8 partner's persona: i also love orange juice.	9 partner's persona: i like to watch tv.
6 partner's persona: my friend likes cartoons like south park.	7 partner's persona: some jokes go too far.	8 partner's persona: i like simple jokes.	9 partner's persona: i prefer the simpler times.	10 partner's persona: i like the flintstones.
6 partner's persona: i graduated from college.	7 partner's persona: i am a farmer.	8 partner's persona: i like to hike.	9 partner's persona: i lost my arm in a car accident.	10 partner's persona: i am the youngest of 4 children.
5 partner's persona: i am short.	6 partner's persona: i have big face cheeks.	7 partner's persona: i am also round.	8 partner's persona: i like reading.
6 partner's persona: yellow is my favorite color.	7 partner's persona: i work for a magazine.	8 partner's persona: i like to read.	9 partner's persona: i love the game halo.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy visiting national parks.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy running.	8 partner's persona: i currently work in an office job.	9 partner's persona: my favorite color is green.
5 partner's persona: i drive an suv.	6 partner's persona: i have a vacation home in the mountains.	7 partner's persona: i have a law degree.	8 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs.
5 partner's persona: my mother is dead.	6 partner's persona: pink is my favorite color.	7 partner's persona: i am a yoga instructor.	8 partner's persona: i married my highschool sweetheart.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy being alone.
6 partner's persona: i am not much of a fan of hot weather.	7 partner's persona: i would travel the world if i could.	8 partner's persona: i like spending time with my friends and family.	9 partner's persona: i like listening to all genres of music except country music.
5 partner's persona: i don t like music.	6 partner's persona: i have red hair.	7 partner's persona: i have lots of friends.	8 partner's persona: my name is nick.	9 partner's persona: i like to ride my scooter.
6 partner's persona: i study philosophy at mass.	7 partner's persona: i love going to concerts.	8 partner's persona: my eyes are brown.	9 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	10 partner's persona: i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip.
6 partner's persona: i sometimes wonder why i m not married.	7 partner's persona: i like eating healthy foods.	8 partner's persona: i love fall and winter.	9 partner's persona: i like sleeping in.	10 partner's persona: i have brown hair.
5 partner's persona: i have two children.	6 partner's persona: my hair is curly and dark.	7 partner's persona: i do not like to clean house.	8 partner's persona: my husband is a pastor.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.	6 partner's persona: i just moved from va to pa.	7 partner's persona: since i have fibromyalgia , the harsher winters here in pa will be rough on me.	8 partner's persona: i grew up on a large farm.	9 partner's persona: i love reading.
5 partner's persona: my mother was a teacher.	6 partner's persona: i own a cleaning company.	7 partner's persona: my favorite writer is nicholas sparks.	8 partner's persona: i am married.
6 partner's persona: i married my high school sweetheart.	7 partner's persona: i was an army brat.	8 partner's persona: i am a nurse.	9 partner's persona: i am a great baker.
6 partner's persona: i am a cat owner.	7 partner's persona: i have one blue eye and one hazel eye.	8 partner's persona: my brother is an archaeologist.	9 partner's persona: i speak fluent italian.	10 partner's persona: my mom is an osteopath.
6 partner's persona: i took classes while growing up.	7 partner's persona: since young i ve loved to cook.	8 partner's persona: i auditionated in a cooking show.	9 partner's persona: i think i have talent for it.
6 partner's persona: i love dark clothes.	7 partner's persona: i work two jobs as a cashier.	8 partner's persona: i love cold weather.	9 partner's persona: i love non gmo foods.	10 partner's persona: favorite band is red hot chilli peppers.
6 partner's persona: i am from sterling heights , michigan.	7 partner's persona: my husband owns a small auto repair shop.	8 partner's persona: my favorite movie is titanic.	9 partner's persona: i have two kids , ages 2 and 6.
6 partner's persona: i ran for political office in 2004.	7 partner's persona: i thought of joining the military when i was younger.	8 partner's persona: i was a mechanic for 6 years.	9 partner's persona: i build my own computers.	10 partner's persona: i collect bugs in jars.
6 partner's persona: my favorite band is muse.	7 partner's persona: i am vegan.	8 partner's persona: i work at walmart as a stocker.	9 partner's persona: i am leaving for college in three months.	10 partner's persona: my father is a mechanic.
5 partner's persona: i travel at least once a year.	6 partner's persona: i graduated from princeton.	7 partner's persona: i love to watch the voice.	8 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is to go to museums.	9 partner's persona: i am currently listening to bach.
5 partner's persona: i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.	6 partner's persona: i often help her sort books in the library.	7 partner's persona: my mother is a librarian.	8 partner's persona: i would like to be a journalist one day.
6 partner's persona: i am bald with a thick beard.	7 partner's persona: i exercise often and have nice muscles.	8 partner's persona: i wear nice clothes.	9 partner's persona: i work as an attorney.	10 partner's persona: i enjoy comedies.
5 partner's persona: i like long walks on the beach.	6 partner's persona: my favorite music genre is pop.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy home cooked meals.	9 partner's persona: my favorite tv show is game of thrones.
6 partner's persona: i am vegan.	7 partner's persona: i love to go to the beach.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is strawberries.	9 partner's persona: i work in a veterinary office.
6 partner's persona: i work at google.	7 partner's persona: my favorite seafood in lobster.	8 partner's persona: i am a software engineer.	9 partner's persona: i live in seattle.
6 partner's persona: i have a daughter.	7 partner's persona: i am under 6 feet tall.	8 partner's persona: i sell paper products for a living.	9 partner's persona: i hate the taste of cheese.
5 partner's persona: i am a petsitter.	6 partner's persona: i have purple hair.	7 partner's persona: my favorite book is the tale of genii.	8 partner's persona: my dad is a college professor.	9 partner's persona: my mom died when i was six.
5 partner's persona: i have a boyfriend who lives in italy.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy video games.	7 partner's persona: i hate cooking.	8 partner's persona: my mom lives with me.	9 partner's persona: my hair is very long.
6 partner's persona: i am currently going back to school to try and become a casino manager.	7 partner's persona: i know how to count cards in blackjack.	8 partner's persona: i am a blackjack dealer.	9 partner's persona: i graduated with a statistics degree.
6 partner's persona: i live in a condo.	7 partner's persona: i only listen to opera.	8 partner's persona: i have never been to canada.	9 partner's persona: i get up at 4am everyday.	10 partner's persona: my favorite food is steak.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	6 partner's persona: i am studying for my master s.	7 partner's persona: i am a student in social sciences.	8 partner's persona: i also like eating sushi.	9 partner's persona: cooking is one of my pass times.
5 partner's persona: i have been published in the new yorker magazine.	6 partner's persona: i have a severe phobia of wide open spaces.	7 partner's persona: i am a gourmet cook.	8 partner's persona: as a child , i won a national spelling bee.
6 partner's persona: i am very smart.	7 partner's persona: i love to drink whiskey.	8 partner's persona: i work as a janitor.	9 partner's persona: i wear contacts.	10 partner's persona: i love the outdoors.
6 partner's persona: i like to read.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	8 partner's persona: i have brown hair.	9 partner's persona: i work at a grocery store.	10 partner's persona: i like cupcakes.
5 partner's persona: i have a doberman.	6 partner's persona: i am twenty five years old.	7 partner's persona: i work on trucks.	8 partner's persona: i am a man.	9 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.
6 partner's persona: i am planning to move to a new state soon.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy hiking.	8 partner's persona: i speak french and english fluently.	9 partner's persona: i have two border collies.	10 partner's persona: i am an artist.
5 partner's persona: i can t get enough of rap music , it s so good.	6 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is sleep.	7 partner's persona: i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.	8 partner's persona: i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.	9 partner's persona: i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.
6 partner's persona: my mom is my best friend.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy the occasional drink with friends.	8 partner's persona: i attend book club every week.	9 partner's persona: i am more of a cat person than a dog person.	10 partner's persona: i couldn t live without my cell phone.
5 partner's persona: i love the smell of beans.	6 partner's persona: i like collecting rocks.	7 partner's persona: i like collectible dragon ball z figures.	8 partner's persona: i love huge paintings.
5 partner's persona: i own 10 cats.	6 partner's persona: i do not eat asparagus.	7 partner's persona: i work at home on my computer.	8 partner's persona: my favorite jello is the blue one.
6 partner's persona: i live in a house in the country.	7 partner's persona: my husband is a soldier in the us army.	8 partner's persona: i am pregnant with my first child.	9 partner's persona: i have a horse named beauty.
5 partner's persona: i am a travel agent.	6 partner's persona: i like fitness.	7 partner's persona: my parents own a business that i m now running.	8 partner's persona: my favorite place to travel is jamaica.
5 partner's persona: my mom went crazy when i was three and i haven t seen her since.	6 partner's persona: my dog is my best friend.	7 partner's persona: i am an accountant.	8 partner's persona: my hair is black and curly.
5 partner's persona: in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.	6 partner's persona: my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.	7 partner's persona: i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.	8 partner's persona: my favorite store to shop at is costco.
6 partner's persona: i am seven years old.	7 partner's persona: i like to play soccer.	8 partner's persona: and , my best friend is calden.	9 partner's persona: i just got my rejection letter from the gifted program.
4 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is knitting.	5 partner's persona: i work in an office.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	7 partner's persona: i have two tattoos.
5 partner's persona: my father works in advertising agency.	6 partner's persona: i love youtube.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy making lets plays.	8 partner's persona: i have my own channel.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy the outdoors.	6 partner's persona: i am a cheerleader.	7 partner's persona: i have black hair.	8 partner's persona: i live on a ranch.	9 partner's persona: i am 21 years old.
6 partner's persona: i make robots for a living.	7 partner's persona: i eat mainly chinese food.	8 partner's persona: i am single and live alone.	9 partner's persona: i do not have a good social life.	10 partner's persona: i am a night owl.
6 partner's persona: i love fall and winter.	7 partner's persona: i like eating healthy foods.	8 partner's persona: i like sleeping in.	9 partner's persona: i have brown hair.
6 partner's persona: i have 2 kids.	7 partner's persona: my husband is a lawyer.	8 partner's persona: i love flowers.	9 partner's persona: i have 3 dog.	10 partner's persona: i work at a vet.
5 partner's persona: i started learning japanese at college.	6 partner's persona: i hope to save enough money for it.	7 partner's persona: our class is planning a trip to japan.	8 partner's persona: i am tired of having to read subtitles.	9 partner's persona: i like to watch japanese cartoons anime in my free time.
5 partner's persona: i am married.	6 partner's persona: i like doing art projects.	7 partner's persona: i travel a lot.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy spending time with family and friends.
5 partner's persona: i live near the ocean.	6 partner's persona: i love watching sunsets.	7 partner's persona: i hate red meat.	8 partner's persona: my hair is brown and curly.	9 partner's persona: i love to surf.
5 partner's persona: my favorite band is nightwish.	6 partner's persona: i love comics.	7 partner's persona: i have a cat as a pet.	8 partner's persona: i work from home.
5 partner's persona: i have one son.	6 partner's persona: i m in the military.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	8 partner's persona: i was a wrestler in high school.
6 partner's persona: my favorite color is blue.	7 partner's persona: i like to go to the lake.	8 partner's persona: i work as an accountant.	9 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs.
6 partner's persona: i am ten years old.	7 partner's persona: i love to read harry potter books.	8 partner's persona: and , my best friend is abigail.	9 partner's persona: tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.
5 partner's persona: my motor never stops running.	6 partner's persona: i work on semi trucks for a living.	7 partner's persona: i want to take her on vacations one day.	8 partner's persona: i got off the road when i married my sweetheart.	9 partner's persona: my father was a driver himself.
6 partner's persona: i have a timeshare in mexico.	7 partner's persona: i own my own business.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is sushi.	9 partner's persona: my favorite tv show is friends.
6 partner's persona: i like to surf.	7 partner's persona: i worked as a clown in the circus.	8 partner's persona: i listen to country music.	9 partner's persona: my mother is a school teacher.
5 partner's persona: i was a slave for 10 years.	6 partner's persona: i got married 10 years later.	7 partner's persona: i was the first born child.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	9 partner's persona: i escaped and later became a carpenter.
6 partner's persona: my college courses are on philosophy and history.	7 partner's persona: i write short stories in my document tab with the use of a prompting app.	8 partner's persona: my newly bought laptop has a bum battery.	9 partner's persona: i ride my bike to class since it s only a mile away.	10 partner's persona: my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.
5 partner's persona: i am an avid quilter.	6 partner's persona: my grand children mean the world to me.	7 partner's persona: i was a wild child in my younger years.	8 partner's persona: i like classical music.	9 partner's persona: i am a pharmacist.
5 partner's persona: i have two children , a boy and a girl.	6 partner's persona: i take care of my grandmother on weekdays.	7 partner's persona: i work at an insurance firm.	8 partner's persona: i am divorced and looking to date.	9 partner's persona: i am a professional bowler.
5 partner's persona: i am an aspiring fiction writer.	6 partner's persona: i am a teacher.	7 partner's persona: i love country music.	8 partner's persona: i like to work puzzles.	9 partner's persona: my dad worked for home depot.
5 partner's persona: i like to wear red shoes also.	6 partner's persona: i like to wear red.	7 partner's persona: i drive a red car.	8 partner's persona: i wear a red purse.	9 partner's persona: i use red lipstick.
5 partner's persona: many people want to be my friend.	6 partner's persona: i m not a nice person.	7 partner's persona: i love to exercise.	8 partner's persona: i like makeup.
5 partner's persona: i am a member of four book clubs , the pta , and two bunch groups.	6 partner's persona: i spend a lot of time driving my kids to sports events.	7 partner's persona: i drink a lot of apple martinis when i get a girls night out.	8 partner's persona: i still dream about going to paris and designing clothes.	9 partner's persona: i own a black suburban.
6 partner's persona: i am a musician.	7 partner's persona: i have taken formal music lessons since i was 5.	8 partner's persona: i like to write my own songs.	9 partner's persona: i wish i could spend more time at home.	10 partner's persona: my best friend is in a band with me.
5 partner's persona: i have red hair.	6 partner's persona: i am a runner.	7 partner's persona: i like tall men.	8 partner's persona: i have 2 dogs.
6 partner's persona: i love to watch game shows.	7 partner's persona: i just took a trip to london.	8 partner's persona: i hate green beans.	9 partner's persona: i m very religious.
5 partner's persona: i have purple hair.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	7 partner's persona: i have 2 turtles.	8 partner's persona: i like to play video games.
6 partner's persona: i have an older brother.	7 partner's persona: i live in the city.	8 partner's persona: i work in a bookstore.	9 partner's persona: i love my girlfriend.	10 partner's persona: i dyed my hair pink.
5 partner's persona: i do not have a job.	6 partner's persona: i love comics.	7 partner's persona: i love the walking dead.	8 partner's persona: i eat junk food.
6 partner's persona: my father used to work for microsoft.	7 partner's persona: i am a christian.	8 partner's persona: i like football.	9 partner's persona: i work in the it industry.	10 partner's persona: my favourite band is kings of leon.
6 partner's persona: my father recently had a heart attack.	7 partner's persona: i am a lesbian.	8 partner's persona: i like to go to comic con.	9 partner's persona: i play the guitar.
5 partner's persona: i studied early childhood education in college.	6 partner's persona: i am a kindergarten teacher.	7 partner's persona: i have a puppy named tiki.	8 partner's persona: i love music of the 1980s , especially the pretenders.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	7 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is knitting.	8 partner's persona: i have a cat named speckles.	9 partner's persona: i work in an office.	10 partner's persona: i have two tattoos.
5 partner's persona: i went to an elite ivy league school.	6 partner's persona: i work in finance.	7 partner's persona: i eat out more than three times a week.	8 partner's persona: i look down on people who didn t.	9 partner's persona: i believe the rich shouldn t be taxed as much.
5 partner's persona: i care deeply for my friends and others close to me.	6 partner's persona: i grew up as an orphan.	7 partner's persona: i often play the clown to get attention.	8 partner's persona: i will work hard for whatever i want.
5 partner's persona: my mother has her own fashion brand.	6 partner's persona: i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.	7 partner's persona: my favorite artist is bob ross.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy hiking.	9 partner's persona: i am a vegan.
5 partner's persona: my favorite color is black.	6 partner's persona: i am writing a novel.	7 partner's persona: i do not like pickles.	8 partner's persona: my favorite tv show is rick and morty.
5 partner's persona: i have big face cheeks.	6 partner's persona: i am short.	7 partner's persona: i like reading.	8 partner's persona: i am also round.
5 partner's persona: i have a gambling problem.	6 partner's persona: i always eat my vegetables.	7 partner's persona: i am fluent in spanish.	8 partner's persona: i love talking on the phone.	9 partner's persona: i love to go hiking.
6 partner's persona: i work as a librarian.	7 partner's persona: my favorite drink is pepsi.	8 partner's persona: i like reading horror novels.	9 partner's persona: my weekends are filled with bird watching.
5 partner's persona: i love coffee with cream.	6 partner's persona: i want to be a museum curator.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is the beastie boys.	8 partner's persona: i went to new york city once.	9 partner's persona: i am a painter.
5 partner's persona: i am short.	6 partner's persona: i am smart too.	7 partner's persona: i have big face cheeks.	8 partner's persona: i like reading.
5 partner's persona: i work as an accountant.	6 partner's persona: i like to read horror novels.	7 partner's persona: i like to go to the lake.	8 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs.
5 partner's persona: i live with my best friend.	6 partner's persona: i work in a diner.	7 partner's persona: i also own a cupcake business.	8 partner's persona: i am always late.	9 partner's persona: i sing in the shower.
6 partner's persona: i learned piano at age 6.	7 partner's persona: i am trying to play in a local band.	8 partner's persona: i own 9 guitars.	9 partner's persona: i am a vegan.
5 partner's persona: i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.	6 partner's persona: i want a porsche.	7 partner's persona: i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.	8 partner's persona: i cuddle up with my dog every night.	9 partner's persona: i m often late for class.
6 partner's persona: i love the summer.	7 partner's persona: i love mexican food.	8 partner's persona: i work at a animal clinic.	9 partner's persona: i have two kids i enjoy being on social media.
6 partner's persona: i like classical music.	7 partner's persona: i am a pharmacist.	8 partner's persona: i was a wild child in my younger years.	9 partner's persona: i am an avid quilter.	10 partner's persona: my grand children mean the world to me.
6 partner's persona: i want to be a music teacher.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is red orange.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy watching horror flicks.	9 partner's persona: i play the violin.
6 partner's persona: i m a student.	7 partner's persona: i m from california.	8 partner's persona: i like to shop at goodwill.	9 partner's persona: i think recycling is important.	10 partner's persona: i like to be outdoors.
6 partner's persona: my favorite drink is pepsi.	7 partner's persona: my weekends are filled with bird watching.	8 partner's persona: hotdogs are my favorite food.	9 partner's persona: i like reading horror novels.
5 partner's persona: my mother is a retired teacher.	6 partner's persona: i love to ride horses.	7 partner's persona: i love to bake.	8 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.
5 partner's persona: sometimes i think i should get out and exercise more.	6 partner's persona: i work 60 hours a week.	7 partner's persona: i love sunsets.	8 partner's persona: i wake early to watch the sun rise every day.
5 partner's persona: i enjoy horseback riding.	6 partner's persona: my family and i go camping every month.	7 partner's persona: i am a mother to two beautiful boys.	8 partner's persona: i am a full time mom.
6 partner's persona: i get along better with animals than people.	7 partner's persona: i visit animal shelters fairly often.	8 partner's persona: i am always looking for wildlife when i am outside.	9 partner's persona: i have several different breeds of pets.
6 partner's persona: i have a vacation home in the mountains.	7 partner's persona: i have a law degree.	8 partner's persona: i drive an suv.	9 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs.
6 partner's persona: i would rather read a book than watch a movie.	7 partner's persona: my favorite music artist is isaiah rashad.	8 partner's persona: in my spare time i like to play video games.	9 partner's persona: i don t drink alcohol.	10 partner's persona: i work for a marketing agency.
5 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	6 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.	7 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	8 partner's persona: i work as a barista.	9 partner's persona: i have a cat named jasper.
6 partner's persona: i can t get enough of rap music , it s so good.	7 partner's persona: my favorite thing to do is sleep.	8 partner's persona: i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.	9 partner's persona: i love ergonomic keyboards and chairs.	10 partner's persona: i just bought a new pair of sneakers and they feel great.
6 partner's persona: i like watching action adventure movies and eating popcorn.	7 partner's persona: i m starting an internship at a construction site next week.	8 partner's persona: i love riding roller coasters.	9 partner's persona: my mother raised me since my father left when i was five years old.
5 partner's persona: i love to eat pita bread with hummus.	6 partner's persona: i am a mother of three.	7 partner's persona: i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.	8 partner's persona: i am bipolar.	9 partner's persona: i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.
5 partner's persona: i sing in the shower.	6 partner's persona: i live with my best friend.	7 partner's persona: i also own a cupcake business.	8 partner's persona: i am always late.
5 partner's persona: i wear glasses.	6 partner's persona: i am retired.	7 partner's persona: i have good health.	8 partner's persona: i have eight grandchildren.	9 partner's persona: i stay active.
6 partner's persona: i am twenty one years old.	7 partner's persona: i live in a small apartment in new york.	8 partner's persona: i am currently going to school to be an artist.	9 partner's persona: i have a small pet cat.	10 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.
6 partner's persona: i drink a lot of caffeine.	7 partner's persona: i have a very unhealthy diet.	8 partner's persona: i am very skinny and energetic.	9 partner's persona: i can run very fast for long distances.	10 partner's persona: i have a cheap car my dad gave me.
5 partner's persona: i like to read.	6 partner's persona: i work at a school as an art teacher.	7 partner's persona: my girlfriend just broke up with me.	8 partner's persona: i cannot stand pizza.	9 partner's persona: i do not own a television.
6 partner's persona: i went to law school.	7 partner's persona: i was born on christmas day.	8 partner's persona: i am an excellent baker.	9 partner's persona: my landlord is raising my rent.	10 partner's persona: everyone says my pecan pie is the best they have ever had.
6 partner's persona: my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.	7 partner's persona: i m a mom with two sons and a husband.	8 partner's persona: i live in a house with a yard.	9 partner's persona: since my dog died i m incomplete.
5 partner's persona: i have found the cure for the common cold.	6 partner's persona: i love to sing in the shower.	7 partner's persona: my nickname is bubblegum.	8 partner's persona: my brother and i have bright red hair.
6 partner's persona: i sit on my computer for several hours a day.	7 partner's persona: i watch foreign movies and tv shows.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy learning about other cultures.	9 partner's persona: i m bored with my current lifestyle.
5 partner's persona: i like to cook.	6 partner's persona: i have two roomates.	7 partner's persona: i m scared of clowns.	8 partner's persona: i live on the third floor in an apartment.
5 partner's persona: i am a foodie.	6 partner's persona: i love to chat with my friends.	7 partner's persona: i like to cook.	8 partner's persona: i like to go shopping with my daughters.	9 partner's persona: i love kids and dogs.
6 partner's persona: i love honey.	7 partner's persona: i am good at throwing parties.	8 partner's persona: my favorite animal is a monkey.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy talking to strangers.	10 partner's persona: i want to live at the beach.
5 partner's persona: i am a runner.	6 partner's persona: i have 2 dogs.	7 partner's persona: i like tall men.	8 partner's persona: i have red hair.
5 partner's persona: i am gluten free.	6 partner's persona: i like rock climbing.	7 partner's persona: my hair is black.	8 partner's persona: i have a dog.
6 partner's persona: i like eating pretzels.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is vnv nation.	8 partner's persona: i really like watching star trek.	9 partner's persona: i work for the railroad.
5 partner's persona: i like swimming.	6 partner's persona: i have traveled to europe and mexico.	7 partner's persona: my mother is a housemaid.	8 partner's persona: i love spicy food.	9 partner's persona: i am an only child.
5 partner's persona: i give out sports information.	6 partner's persona: i am a small business owner.	7 partner's persona: i have a consulting firm.	8 partner's persona: my clients are gamblers.	9 partner's persona: i help them win a lot of money.
5 partner's persona: i have a flower garden.	6 partner's persona: i love watching anime.	7 partner's persona: i owe two laptops.	8 partner's persona: i love chocolate.
5 partner's persona: my favorite food is sushi.	6 partner's persona: i graduated with a nursing degree.	7 partner's persona: helping people makes me happy.	8 partner's persona: we have two kids.	9 partner's persona: my husband is a firefighter.
6 partner's persona: i am studying for my masters.	7 partner's persona: i am a student in social sciences.	8 partner's persona: my favorite food is pizza.	9 partner's persona: i also like eating sushi.
6 partner's persona: i work at the pizza parlor.	7 partner's persona: i play the drums.	8 partner's persona: my mother was a single mother.	9 partner's persona: i grew up in the projects of chicago.	10 partner's persona: i m the oldest of three boys.
6 partner's persona: i play the violin.	7 partner's persona: i am married with 5 kids.	8 partner's persona: i met my husband when i was a freshman in college.	9 partner's persona: i am nurse.
5 partner's persona: i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.	6 partner's persona: i am a waitress at a popular houston club.	7 partner's persona: i like jogging in my spare time.	8 partner's persona: i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.
6 partner's persona: i do yoga every morning.	7 partner's persona: i drink coffee every day.	8 partner's persona: i love chocolate.	9 partner's persona: i am a teacher.
5 partner's persona: my hobby is photography.	6 partner's persona: i do not own a television.	7 partner's persona: i live in the mountains.	8 partner's persona: i know how to pilot a plane.
5 partner's persona: i hope to one day be happy with myself.	6 partner's persona: currently , i m saving up to get some procedures done.	7 partner's persona: i love her though.	8 partner's persona: i don t think my girlfriend understands.
6 partner's persona: i own a dog who is my best friend.	7 partner's persona: i have never had alcohol.	8 partner's persona: i am content with my life.	9 partner's persona: i sing in the shower.	10 partner's persona: i am very shy.
5 partner's persona: my favorite season is winter.	6 partner's persona: i love watching basketball.	7 partner's persona: i sing barbershop and rap.	8 partner's persona: i love to take naps.	9 partner's persona: my eyes are blue.
5 partner's persona: i believe that i can achieve anything.	6 partner's persona: i watch jimmy allons show every night.	7 partner's persona: i love to gossip.	8 partner's persona: i have never kissed a woman.
6 partner's persona: my favorite author is stephen king.	7 partner's persona: i am a digital artist.	8 partner's persona: my husband is an author and we have twins together.	9 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is reading.
5 partner's persona: i am very good at math and science.	6 partner's persona: i love computers.	7 partner's persona: i started working at google last week on self driving car research.	8 partner's persona: i i love logical and rational thinking.	9 partner's persona: i am considered a nerd by many.
6 partner's persona: i have long red hair.	7 partner's persona: i do not eat asparagus.	8 partner's persona: i own 10 cats.	9 partner's persona: my favorite jello is the blue one.
6 partner's persona: my name is jovannie and i am 19.	7 partner's persona: i love eating barbeque sandwiches and pizza puffs.	8 partner's persona: my favorite show is tom and jerry.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy hanging out with my imaginary friends as a hobby.	10 partner's persona: i live down the street from miley cyrus and pnb rock.
6 partner's persona: i am a karate black belt.	7 partner's persona: i love to sing.	8 partner's persona: my wife has terminal cancer.	9 partner's persona: i am a business man.	10 partner's persona: i have 3 children.
6 partner's persona: but i m a frustrated driver.	7 partner's persona: i am a mother of 2 daughters.	8 partner's persona: i m a people person.	9 partner's persona: i love adventures like mountain climbing.	10 partner's persona: my husband works at a telecom.
5 partner's persona: i love the color pink.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy being outside.	7 partner's persona: i love to swim.	8 partner's persona: i love pasta.	9 partner's persona: my favorite singer is britney spears.
6 partner's persona: i still live at home with my parents.	7 partner's persona: i am 32.	8 partner's persona: i do not want a job.	9 partner's persona: i play video games all day.	10 partner's persona: i eat all take out.
6 partner's persona: i enjoy shopping.	7 partner's persona: i am a lifestyle blogger.	8 partner's persona: i used to cheerlead in high school.	9 partner's persona: i am married and have 2 kids.
5 partner's persona: i make cars for a living.	6 partner's persona: i like to watch tv.	7 partner's persona: i love mac and cheese.	8 partner's persona: i like to sit on couch all day.	9 partner's persona: i make 30k a year.
6 partner's persona: i have appeared on the show jeopardy.	7 partner's persona: i once lived in a storage locker for two months.	8 partner's persona: i like to refurbish classic cars.	9 partner's persona: i make pottery.
5 partner's persona: i am married.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy going to museums.	7 partner's persona: i live in new york city.	8 partner's persona: i am a writer.
5 partner's persona: last season i was just getting started.	6 partner's persona: this season , i will become a playoff quarterback.	7 partner's persona: this is my second year in the league.	8 partner's persona: i play quarterback.
5 partner's persona: i own 4 cats.	6 partner's persona: i ride a unicycle.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is metallica.	8 partner's persona: i work at the grocery store.
6 partner's persona: i love to draw.	7 partner's persona: i am a very tall woman.	8 partner's persona: my family came from greece in the 1950 s.	9 partner's persona: i have very curly hair.	10 partner's persona: i love to cook ethnic foods.
6 partner's persona: i like to hunt.	7 partner's persona: have both daughters and sons.	8 partner's persona: i love basketball.	9 partner's persona: i am not married.
6 partner's persona: i exercise often and have nice muscles.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy comedies.	8 partner's persona: i wear nice clothes.	9 partner's persona: i am bald with a thick beard.	10 partner's persona: i work as an attorney.
5 partner's persona: i am about to go off to college at a very liberal school soon.	6 partner's persona: i plan to raise hell and sew my wild oats.	7 partner's persona: i have lived a very sheltered life.	8 partner's persona: i am 17.	9 partner's persona: i go to a catholic high school in new england.
6 partner's persona: i am hoping to move to australia soon to marry my boyfriend.	7 partner's persona: i like jogging in my spare time.	8 partner's persona: i also give blood monthly in honor of my sister who died.	9 partner's persona: i am a waitress at a popular houston club.
6 partner's persona: i prefer headsets over earbuds.	7 partner's persona: i live with my parents.	8 partner's persona: my favorite color is red.	9 partner's persona: i travel often.
5 partner's persona: i am vegan.	6 partner's persona: my father is a mechanic.	7 partner's persona: i am leaving for college in three months.	8 partner's persona: i work at walmart as a stocker.
6 partner's persona: i am a great baker.	7 partner's persona: i was an army brat.	8 partner's persona: i am a nurse.	9 partner's persona: i surf often.
6 partner's persona: my girlfriend just broke up with me.	7 partner's persona: i can t stand pizza.	8 partner's persona: i like to read.	9 partner's persona: i don t own a television.	10 partner's persona: i work at a school as an art teacher.
6 partner's persona: i play bingo every wednesday with my husband.	7 partner's persona: my family means the world to me.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy jazz music from when i was a girl.	9 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs and a parrot.	10 partner's persona: my left knee is filled with metal.
6 partner's persona: i own a hearse.	7 partner's persona: i work in a craft store.	8 partner's persona: i love to crochet.	9 partner's persona: halloween is my favorite holiday.
6 partner's persona: i drive a black car.	7 partner's persona: my favorite artist is guns and roses.	8 partner's persona: i like to wear black.	9 partner's persona: i have a black purse.	10 partner's persona: i like rock music.
5 partner's persona: i like antiques.	6 partner's persona: i like victorian things.	7 partner's persona: i collect dolls.	8 partner's persona: i am a romantic.	9 partner's persona: i like jazz.
5 partner's persona: i got a scholarship for playing soccer.	6 partner's persona: i obsess over working out and being the best.	7 partner's persona: its important for my instagram posts to look like i am having fun.	8 partner's persona: i try to eat healthy or i do not eat at all.
6 partner's persona: i hate broccoli.	7 partner's persona: i design video games for a living.	8 partner's persona: rock music is my favorite.	9 partner's persona: my mom is my best friend.
6 partner's persona: i believe i hear voices.	7 partner's persona: i am lusting after the neighbour pool boy.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy mystery flavour cake.	9 partner's persona: i collect toys wearing little rain coats.
5 partner's persona: i watch every football game at alabama.	6 partner's persona: i am a geology major at alabama university.	7 partner's persona: i never have had alcohol in my life.	8 partner's persona: i currently suffer from social anxiety.
5 partner's persona: i like lizards.	6 partner's persona: i draw during classes instead of taking notes.	7 partner's persona: i wish i could live in a fantasy world.	8 partner's persona: i do not have many friends.	9 partner's persona: i have long hair for a boy.
6 partner's persona: i love dogs.	7 partner's persona: i have 4 dogs and i spend all my time with them.	8 partner's persona: i like to drink at bars with friends.	9 partner's persona: i m a photographer.	10 partner's persona: i have a sleeve of tattoos.
6 partner's persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	7 partner's persona: my favorite color is orange.	8 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	9 partner's persona: i have a cat named jasper.
6 partner's persona: i started a small blog lately to post reviews.	7 partner's persona: i ve found other pretty good blogs to share opinions with.	8 partner's persona: i love to read.	9 partner's persona: i have none to share my thoughts about the books i read.	10 partner's persona: i started collaborating with some popular publishers.
6 partner's persona: i like chasing comodo lizards on a private island.	7 partner's persona: going snorkeling is my favorite thing to do.	8 partner's persona: i like eating fresh mangoes in the morning.	9 partner's persona: sometimes i listen to gary human to be ironic.	10 partner's persona: i only use apple products because i feel everything else is inferior.
6 partner's persona: under a pen name , i write romance books.	7 partner's persona: i have a terrible singing voice.	8 partner's persona: i am a short order cook at a local diner.	9 partner's persona: this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.	10 partner's persona: i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.
4 partner's persona: i do not like working long hours.	5 partner's persona: someday i would like a truck.	6 partner's persona: i work at a hospital.	7 partner's persona: i like toyota cars.	8 partner's persona: i like to vote.
5 partner's persona: i am a cartographer.	6 partner's persona: i like to make bagels.	7 partner's persona: i like to arm wrestle.	8 partner's persona: i used to be a nurse.	9 partner's persona: i like to paint outdoors.
5 partner's persona: i currently work at mcdonalds.	6 partner's persona: i live with my parents.	7 partner's persona: i am saving money to buy my first car.	8 partner's persona: i am taking a year off before i start college.	9 partner's persona: i am eighteen years old.
5 partner's persona: i am 77 years old.	6 partner's persona: my favorite hobby is gardening.	7 partner's persona: my husband died last year.	8 partner's persona: black coffee is my addiction.	9 partner's persona: my family gets together every saturday.
5 partner's persona: i slack off on my homework.	6 partner's persona: i daydream during work.	7 partner's persona: i m a hopeless romantic.	8 partner's persona: i have bad luck with relationships.	9 partner's persona: i have trouble getting motivated.
5 partner's persona: i went to japan this summer.	6 partner's persona: my mom is a painter.	7 partner's persona: i start my senior year of high school next week.	8 partner's persona: my favorite sport is hockey.
5 partner's persona: i often help her sort books in the library.	6 partner's persona: i am going to school for writing.	7 partner's persona: my mother is a librarian.	8 partner's persona: i would like to be a journalist one day.	9 partner's persona: i love to read fantasy novels and poetry.
6 partner's persona: i am thinking of becoming a mother next year.	7 partner's persona: i am bipolar.	8 partner's persona: i go to work early in the morning as a nurse.	9 partner's persona: i am a mother of three.	10 partner's persona: i love to eat pita bread with hummus.
5 partner's persona: i like victorian things.	6 partner's persona: i like jazz.	7 partner's persona: i am a romantic.	8 partner's persona: i collect dolls.	9 partner's persona: i like antiques.
5 partner's persona: i live with my husband and two children.	6 partner's persona: i live in upstate new york.	7 partner's persona: i work as a meeting coordinator.	8 partner's persona: i love to take road trips.	9 partner's persona: my favorite place to visit is seattle.
5 partner's persona: i am a recovering alcoholic.	6 partner's persona: my girl friend lives in the condo next door.	7 partner's persona: i live in a condo.	8 partner's persona: i am a retired newspaper reporter.
5 partner's persona: i have two smartphones.	6 partner's persona: i enjoy reading.	7 partner's persona: i am a vegan.	8 partner's persona: my favorite movie is pretty woman.
5 partner's persona: i am a graduate student.	6 partner's persona: i volunteer with dogs.	7 partner's persona: i am in between classes.	8 partner's persona: i m always early.
5 partner's persona: i am argentinian.	6 partner's persona: i have many girlfriends.	7 partner's persona: i like to ride horses.	8 partner's persona: i like to eat beef.	9 partner's persona: i like to wear boots.
6 partner's persona: i collect toys wearing little rain coats.	7 partner's persona: i am lusting after the neighbour pool boy.	8 partner's persona: i tend to aruge with myself more than i argue with myself.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy mystery flavour cake.
6 partner's persona: i have a thick full beard.	7 partner's persona: i am only 5 foot tall.	8 partner's persona: my parents are in there 80 s.	9 partner's persona: my hair is as red as the sunset.
5 partner's persona: i am a mom with two sons and a husband.	6 partner's persona: my parents taught me to find inspiration in the world.	7 partner's persona: i am an artist and create with my mind and my hands.	8 partner's persona: since my dog died i am incomplete.	9 partner's persona: i live in a house with a yard.
5 partner's persona: i have been published in the new yorker magazine.	6 partner's persona: i have a severe phobia of wide open spaces.	7 partner's persona: as a child , i won a national spelling bee.	8 partner's persona: i am a gourmet cook.	9 partner's persona: i have perfect pitch.
5 partner's persona: i love to drive my car.	6 partner's persona: i like watching ufc fights.	7 partner's persona: i work in a factory.	8 partner's persona: i enjoy travel.	9 partner's persona: connor mcgreggor is my favorite fighter.
5 partner's persona: i am an athlete.	6 partner's persona: i have 4 daughters.	7 partner's persona: i like to go fishing.	8 partner's persona: i race cars for a living.
5 partner's persona: i volunteer at the local humane society.	6 partner's persona: one day i would really like to skydive.	7 partner's persona: my twin brother and i share an apartment.	8 partner's persona: when i am not touring with the band , i like to garden.
5 partner's persona: i stay active.	6 partner's persona: i have eight grandchildren.	7 partner's persona: i am retired.	8 partner's persona: i wear glasses.
5 partner's persona: i collect seashells.	6 partner's persona: i am a yoga instructor.	7 partner's persona: i have two chiuahuahs.	8 partner's persona: i have a son.	9 partner's persona: i love horses.
6 partner's persona: i like cooking healthy meals.	7 partner's persona: i enjoy dating women.	8 partner's persona: i am retired.	9 partner's persona: i like to go out to the bars.
5 partner's persona: i smoke two packs of cigarettes most days.	6 partner's persona: if i were to be reincarnated , i d want to come back as a hippopotamus.	7 partner's persona: i can t get enough of lindsey stirling s music.	8 partner's persona: i could eat meatloaf every night and never get tired of it.	9 partner's persona: i enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee.
5 partner's persona: a hobby of mine is the drums.	6 partner's persona: one of my favorite artists is drake.	7 partner's persona: i also enjoy cooking.	8 partner's persona: i like to go out to eat.
5 partner's persona: i have a beautiful rose garden.	6 partner's persona: i have a cat named pickles.	7 partner's persona: my parents met at woodstock.	8 partner's persona: i love starbucks coffee.
6 partner's persona: i make 30k a year.	7 partner's persona: i make cars for a living.	8 partner's persona: i love mac and cheese.	9 partner's persona: i like to watch tv.	10 partner's persona: i like to sit on couch all day.
5 partner's persona: i love to shop on weekends.	6 partner's persona: i am a woman who wears a size 12.	7 partner's persona: i have never been on a cruise ship.	8 partner's persona: i go to dance lessons with my boyfriend.	9 partner's persona: i am planning a trip to europe.
6 partner's persona: i believe in aliens.	7 partner's persona: to free my mind from feeling depressed i look up at the stars at night.	8 partner's persona: i cannot choose between lollipops and rainbows.	9 partner's persona: i would love to be a professional eater and not get fat.	10 partner's persona: i hate cleaning up after my husband and children.
6 partner's persona: i make cars for a living.	7 partner's persona: i make 30k a year.	8 partner's persona: i like to watch tv.	9 partner's persona: i love mac and cheese.
6 partner's persona: i like to bike.	7 partner's persona: i can speak three languages.	8 partner's persona: i love being in nature.	9 partner's persona: i cook well.	10 partner's persona: my mother is a teacher.
6 partner's persona: i am a vet tech.	7 partner's persona: i love to read.	8 partner's persona: my favorite author is stephen king.	9 partner's persona: i am a christian.	10 partner's persona: my favorite movie genre is horror.
6 partner's persona: my favorite food is mexican food.	7 partner's persona: my favorite band is the rolling stones.	8 partner's persona: i am a mother.	9 partner's persona: i am a nurse at a hospital.
6 partner's persona: i work out daily.	7 partner's persona: basketball is my favorite sport to watch.	8 partner's persona: i like watching sports.	9 partner's persona: ferrari is my favorite car company.	10 partner's persona: i own many cars.
6 partner's persona: i like to ride my bike.	7 partner's persona: i work as a vet.	8 partner's persona: i am a 30 year old female.	9 partner's persona: i have 3 dogs and 2 cats.
6 partner's persona: i exercise everyday.	7 partner's persona: i am a social butterfly.	8 partner's persona: i eat large meals.	9 partner's persona: i am in college.	10 partner's persona: i like to swim.
6 partner's persona: my father is a mechanic.	7 partner's persona: i am vegan.	8 partner's persona: my favorite band is muse.	9 partner's persona: i am leaving for college in three months.
5 partner's persona: i worry about money even though i m in high school.	6 partner's persona: my dad is very strict with his kids.	7 partner's persona: i wished i was older so i could move out.	8 partner's persona: i have one close friend i grew up with.
6 partner's persona: my country is russia.	7 partner's persona: i am a olympian.	8 partner's persona: i am a weight lifter.	9 partner's persona: i can also squat 400 pounds.
5 partner's persona: i go to at least 10 concerts a year.	6 partner's persona: madonna is my all time favorite.	7 partner's persona: i work in retail.	8 partner's persona: i love music.	9 partner's persona: lady gaga is my current favorite singer.
6 partner's persona: i am fascinated with ghosts.	7 partner's persona: i love 80 s music.	8 partner's persona: i m a wedding planner.	9 partner's persona: when i was a child , i wanted to be an architect.
6 partner's persona: i have two children.	7 partner's persona: i like to hunt.	8 partner's persona: i like to donate time at the local animal shelter.	9 partner's persona: i had two cats growing up.	10 partner's persona: both my parents were teachers.
